A Blooming Spring Love (Seasons on the Island 3)





Copyright © 2019 Emily Engberts

All rights reserved. No part of this story may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without express written permission of the copyright holder.





This book contains sexually explicit content which is suitable only for mature adults.





Edition: 20220224

Get updates about Emily Engbert’s books by signing up to the Easily Distracted Media Newsletter:

Easily Distracted Media Newsletter





Blurb


The first flowers each spring bring big changes along with them.

Two women, thinking that they are too different, find that those differences don’t have to be bad…





Dani lost all her dreams in the divorce three years ago, but she’s finally saved up enough to live her own dream this time. So, she moves to the island with her young daughter, Rose, to open a flower shop, ready for a new start in her life.

Her heart is still tender, but when she catches a glimpse of her daughter’s teacher, things start to change.





Kim is the only one of her siblings who still lives on the island. She loves her job as a primary school teacher but with siblings with big careers, she feels like she’s always behind them, never the same. She teaches, takes care of her parents and still feels like she’s not doing enough, like she’s supposed to do more.

That is, until she gets a new pupil in her class whose mother makes her rethink everything she ever presumed about her life, who makes her rethink everything she believed in.





Spring is coming and that means teaching about plants and colours and how things grow. A tour around the town with Kim’s class, trying to spot spring flowers and a couple of little lambs, brings the women closer together. But it’s not until an intimate moment at a dinner party that things start to get intense.

This year, will there be more than just flowers blooming on the island?





A Blooming Spring Love is the third book in the small town (or more like small island) romance series Seasons on the Island, following the stories of women who fall in love with other women, and it takes place on the Dutch mudflat islands.

Get updates about Emily Engbert’s books by signing up to the Easily Distracted Media Newsletter:

Easily Distracted Media Newsletter





Chapter 1


Dani

Dad is staring at me, a huge grin on his face, a smile I can’t ignore. He holds up a beam of the greenhouse as I’m attaching it. It’s the end of the afternoon of my first day in my new house, and we’re building the greenhouse in the garden. Inside, it’s all still a huge mess, but my mum and Rose, my daughter, are sorting things out there. Max, my beautiful Schapendoes, a Dutch Sheepdog, keeps walking from the house to us and back, trying to be helpful wherever he goes but mostly just being in the way, as the lovely silly creature tends to do.

“You can stop looking at me like that.” I try to glare at Dad, but the smile on my face doesn’t help much. I’ve not been able to stop smiling for the last two weeks, ever since I signed the papers for this house.

“Why? Why am I not allowed to be proud of you?” He raises an eyebrow at me.

“You are. Just... Just not by staring at me like that.” I drill the beam into place, we only have a few beams left to go, before we have to put in the windows, which finishes up the structure.

“Why not? I’m proud of you. Raising your little girl on your own like that, having a career, saving enough money, and then finally moving here. I just can’t hide how proud I am of you.” Just hearing him say those things makes my cheeks go warm. Dad being proud of what I do never really crossed my mind, but at the same time, it feels good to make him proud, to make both my parents proud.

We grab the next beam and as he holds it, I fasten it into place.

I don’t know what to tell him, how to explain that it was all just a matter of surviving for me. Of trying to keep going and not lose my mind or my grounding. So many of the things that have happened in the last few years have not been by my own choice.

Two years ago, the woman who I thought was the love of my life, who I’d been with for over five years, walked out on us, she didn’t want what we had, our little family, and she’d decided that instead of talking to me, she’d just make her own plans. One morning, after a gruelling night with Rose, who’d caught some flu or something at the day care she’d been attending, I walked into a kitchen filled with bags and boxes. Rose’s bedroom had been upstairs, while ours was downstairs, so I hadn’t even realised that my ex had been packing… That was it. She left that same day, leaving everything to me in the divorce apart from the things that she’d taken with her in those boxes that morning. I had a house to live in, I had some resemblance of a life and I had our daughter.

She hadn’t just walked out on me, but also on our daughter, Rose. Back then, Rose was too small to understand what was going on, why Mummy didn’t come home anymore, why… why the house had gone so quiet suddenly. That day, I realised that there were only two things important in my life, my own independence and giving Rose the best life that I could. I didn’t want to be dependent on anyone any more, I wanted everything in my own hands, I didn’t want to be surprised like that ever again.

And now, I finally made that happen. With Rose in primary school, I was able to focus on my career more, and by doing that, I was able to buy us a house on Schiermonnikoog. Not just any house… A house with enough land that I could have my own garden, enough to be able to grow and sell flowers and other things in the small store at the front of the building. I made it all happen. Not by choice, but by necessity. I had to, so that something like this could never happen to us again.

Dad puts his hand on my shoulder, squeezing a little. When I look at him, his eyes are a little sad, but also warm. “I know that it’s been really hard on you. I know that things haven’t been easy. But I’m still very proud that you’ve managed to do this. I’m still very proud that you were able to do all this, make it all come true.”

I nod, smiling a little at him. My parents really helped me in the last years, and it’ll sometimes be hard to not be as close to them anymore. “And if you ever miss me, you can always come stay in the studio.” I point to the small building at the end of the garden. Almost all the houses here, at least most of the ones I saw, have a possibility to rent out either part of the house or a small building outside, usually a type of shed or studio. And, of course, this one came with one too. It’ll provide a little extra income, which will be nice.

We efficiently finish putting up the final beams and start on the windows. If everything goes as planned, I’ll be able to start putting plants and flowers in it in the next few days, after I’ve made sure that it’s leak proof and everything.

My life may have fallen apart two years ago, but I’ve finally gotten to the place where I really wanted to be. I finally made my own dream come true.

* * *

I spread the papers and notebooks out in front of me. I’m trying to plan what I’ll be doing in the next weeks, because if I don’t plan, things won’t happen. Firstly, of course, there are plants and flowers that I’m going to have to put into the greenhouse. Growing up the different seedlings and things like that, and maybe buying a few small plants of other plants. I have some experience growing plants in my kitchen and on the balcony, but no experience in an actual greenhouse, outside, and of that size. Or experience growing plants to sell off again.

This first year is going to be interesting, I’m pretty sure of that. The idea is to start growing flowers and vegetables and even some fruit. We’ll use the fruit and vegetables for our own food, live off our own land, and then use the flowers and maybe some spices and things like that to sell. At least, that’s the idea.

I’m not exactly sure how well everything is going to work, but that’s okay. I’ve got my own writing career, I make enough money writing books to support us, and then some. But running a small shop like this, it’s been a dream of mine for years, for decades probably. For this first year, all I’m hoping is to not have too much of a loss for the shop side of things, starting small, minimal loss is all I’m going for.

For the greenhouse and the garden, I’m thinking some practical things first, like broccoli, tomatoes, paprikas and a few other edible plants. That should at least get me going for our own food. When it comes to flowers… Well... I’ll have to see about those. It’s too early in the year to really sell many flowers, apart from some bulb plants. So, for the shop side of things, I’ll have to figure out both the space I have, and my own abilities.

Of course, especially right now, running the garden and the shop won’t take up even most of my day, so the rest of the day I’ll be dedicating to my writing, trying to keep up the schedule I’ve been keeping to for the last two years, the schedule that made me able to realise this dream in the first place.

When I started out with the writing, trying to work my schedule around Rose’s naps and things like that, wasn’t very easy. Of course, when I still had the help of my ex, that was much more doable, but when she left... it all came down on me. I had to do everything by myself then. So I learned to work around her nap times, I learned when I would be able to multi-task and I learned when to ask my parents to look after my little girl for a couple of hours in exchange for a homemade dinner. Last year, when Rose went to primary school, I was finally able to get a better publishing schedule down, especially since I then knew when and how I could be working, that made things a lot easier. I suddenly had hours and hours of uninterrupted time to work, and my publishing output went through the roof.

I lean back in the chair, stretching my back and then I look out over the darkening garden. I pull my robe around me tighter, just staring out the window over our new place. I made it happen, I really did. Now I just need to keep going.

I hear Rose’s footsteps on the stairs inside the house, and the next moment, she darts into the conservatory. She’s holding her favourite plush toy against her chest, looking at me with big eyes. Max follows her closely behind, excited that there is movement in the house.

“What’s wrong, baby?” I reach out to her and she takes my hand, then she climbs into my lap, putting her head against my chest.

“It’s so strange here.” Her eyes dart around and my heart breaks a little at the confused look in her eyes. “The sounds are all different. And it smells different. Everything is different.”

I stand up, lifting her with me, and then I carry her back inside, locking the door behind me. “I know it’s different, but this is our new house. Getting used to new places is always a little scary.” I carry her in my arms, Max at my heels, as I check the front door and then turn the lights off in all the downstairs rooms. Most of them are still mostly empty, only filled with boxes, but the kitchen has a table to sit at and there is a TV and couch in the living room. We’ll finish up the rest tomorrow. “Say goodnight to Max.” I turn so that Rose can see him.

“Goodnight.” She blows a kiss at him, a satisfied smile on her face.

“Goodnight Max.” I ruffle my fingers in his fur and he sits down on his little mat next to the stairs. He knows he’s not allowed upstairs, and I think he’s too chicken to even try it right now. I walk up the stairs with Rose and then step into her room. “You’ll get used to this place soon enough. You’ll get used to the quiet and the new sounds in no time.” I smile as I put her into her bed again.

She looks at me in a way that tells me that she’s not convinced about what I’m saying. Gone are the times when she’d just believe me when I’d tell her things. But that newfound curiosity also makes me smile so much. “When?” she demands. This is the first time she’s ever moved house and we’ve even barely gone on holiday, especially since going on holiday with just Rose seemed like a lot of work for me, and holidays are supposed to be less work. The only other place she knows is her grandparents’ house, so this is all brand new for her.

Give her a soft kiss on her forehead. “I don’t know. But we will. I promise. You’ll forget that everything sounds strange before you even realise it.” I pull the covers over her more, tucking her in. Then I quietly leave her room, looking back at her at the door. “I’ll be right across the hall from you. I’ll leave the doors open, and the light on in the hallway, so you don’t have to worry.” I think I can see her nod in the darkness and I can’t help the smile on my lips as I look at my beautiful and brave little girl.

She’s not the only one who will have to get used to all the quiet, but I really do believe that moving here is going to make things a lot better for the both of us. It’ll be a new start. Away from everything that still bound us to the past, that bound me to the past.

This is our future. This is where we’ll make our dreams come true.

This is my new life.





Chapter 2


Kim

The early morning on Monday after a break is never fun and it’s always so much harder than any other Monday, usually because I do like to sleep in when I have the opportunity, and a week off work means a lot of opportunity to sleep in. But with Valentine’s Day behind us, and the weather getting better, I’m definitely ready for the next project with my class.

Teaching the littlest ones at the school, the four and five year olds, is so much fun. I love to see them grow in just the two years that they’re with me, it’s always such a pleasure. I don’t really have a wish to do anything else career wise, to ‘advance’ to a different class or something like that. I love these early years, they’re so much fun. I’m much better with learning through play than sitting down and doing numbers or things like that.

I slowly move around the house, grabbing my breakfast, a black coffee and a sandwich with cheese, before I sit down at the kitchen table with my tablet and some folders. It’s the start of March, which means that spring is coming soon and with spring comes projects to do with plants and baby animals, the start of life. Every season has their own theme. Spring is for flowers and baby animals, summer is for fruits and different flowers, then fall is for the falling leaves and the fruits and vegetables that are ripe then and, finally, winter is for snow and the things different animals do to survive the winter, and, of course, the holidays.

But another advantage of spring is that there will be more sun again, which always improves my mood a lot. It’s easier to be more upbeat when the skies are blue, there is sun out, even though it’s still cold, and everywhere you look is bright green from the new leaves with spots of colours from flowers that bloom this early. Last week I saw the first snowdrops and crocuses with their pale purple flowers. Seeing the first flowers of the year is always a special feeling.

I sort through the project folders from previous years. I’ve done a lot of projects over time, most of them having to do with colours and flowers and things like that. Spring projects are always some of my favourites, especially because it’s all so bright and upbeat.

This year, I want to have some bulb flowers in the windows, probably some hyacinths and maybe a few other ones that will bloom brightly. That will keep the joy inside the classroom, even on the rainier days. And then we can make plants and flowers from paper and carton, folding them and gluing and such. That will be fun and I have a couple of projects already ready from previous years.

We could probably do a stage of the plant every week, like the seeds and bulbs the first week, then the parts of the plant as it grows for the second week and then maybe flowers on the third week, or whatever I can come up with in between. And, of course, there is the changing weather and the young animals to talk about too. I tend to do some freehand planning with these things, especially because the young ones really just do whatever they like, so teaching to a strict plan doesn’t always work out the best for me.

We should probably go on a trip around the town to see all the flowers that are now coming up and maybe even go see the little lambs that are born on the farm around this time. They always love to see the lambs. I should probably contact one of the farmers about this.

I write down a few notes for ideas, slowly getting my head back into the teaching mindset.

Maybe I should talk to Kara and Rik, teachers from the older grades, see if they also have ideas, maybe share a couple of them. I’m already getting excited and I’ve barely even started… Most of last week I’ve spent at home, just reading and enjoying the calm, I didn’t do too much work, I was really ready for some time off. But now I need to get back to work.

After a week off, I’m definitely ready to start again.

I finish off the coffee and get myself a second mug.

Then, I see a note in my planner. ‘New girl arrives, Rose.’ Oh, yeah. We’ve got a new girl coming in today, she just moved here. I didn’t even know that she’d join my class until right before the break started. I totally forgot about that.

The family moved into one of the houses on the shopping street, on the side that looks out over the fields towards the mudflats, with the big-ish gardens. The house hadn’t even been for sale for very long. The woman who used to live there moved to the mainland with her children, apparently going to the secondary school here wasn’t for them, so they went to the mainland to go to secondary school there. It’s not uncommon for that to happen. But this house was sold really fast, and I heard from Kara that the new owner moved in just before the weekend. So they’ve not even really settled in yet.

So, right, new girl. We’ll have to do something fun to get her involved with the group. The kids will love it, having a new girl in the group. They always love it when someone new joins them, it doesn’t happen that often that someone nobody knows joins us since most of the kids already know each other. The island is only small, so all the kids tend to know each other.

This is going to be fun.

* * *

I open the door of the classroom, looking out over the cosy place, and quickly open a window a little before I go to the storage room and pick up another small chair. We’ll need one for the new girl.

On my way back to my classroom, I find Kara standing in the hallway, a silly grin on her face as she looks at her phone.

“Hey.” I stand in front of her and try to catch her attention.

She jolts for a moment and then looks at me, her eyes sparkling. “Hey.” She grins, she looks very happy.

“Your break was good, I presume?” I can’t help my own smile. Kara only moved here a couple of weeks ago, but she fell for the daughter of the owner of the book store in no-time. It’s been really fun to see them flirt and be a little awkward together. But things got more serious over Valentine’s and I’ve not heard much from her since, which I take as a good sign.

“Very good.” She lets out a laugh. “Yours?”

“Nothing exciting.” I smile her way. “Just enjoyed myself with small things.”

“That’s also good.” She pushes herself off the wall as I hear kids and parents come into the hallway. The first kids are arriving.

“I’ve got to get ready for a new girl.” I hold up the chair a little.

“I’ve got to get ready for a whole class of kids fresh from a break.” She grins but then stops for a moment. “Do you want to come over for dinner this weekend?”

“This weekend?” I raise my eyebrow.

“I’ve got some friends coming over from the mainland, and I thought that you could use some time with people over the age of six but under the age of seventy.” She winks.

I let out a laugh. “Sure.” I’ve got some people on the island that I would call sort-of-friends, but I’ve found that Kara is one of those people who attracts others and just pulls them into a group, making everyone feel welcome.

“Cool. I’ll let you know the details later this week.” She nods my way and steps into her classroom.

“Hi, miss Kim.” Mila, one of the kids who used to be in my class but who’s now in Kara’s class, greets me as she steps past me.

“Morning, Mila. Did you have a good break?”

“Yes.” She grins. “My cat had kittens. Six of them. They’re so cute!” She’s almost shaking with excitement as she shows me a print of a picture. “They’re so small.”

I look at the picture, seeing six small furry beans in a range of colours, all crawled up next to a beautiful black and white mother. “Ah, really cute.” I smile. “Did you name them yet?”

Mila shakes her head. “Not yet. Dad says that it’s too early.” Her face goes a little more serious. “Dad says that we have to wait a week before we name them, and that only he is allowed to hold them right now.” That definitely makes sense from a parenting point of view, but it’s obviously not as much fun for the girl.

“Well, let’s hope everything goes well then, right?” I smile at her and get a big smile in return.

“Yes.” Then she looks over to Kara. “Miss Kara, look! Kittens!” She holds up the paper and I can’t help my laugh. Kids.

I turn and go over to my own classroom. As I step into the classroom, one of the youngest ones in the class, Lars, is already sitting near the table with sand, running his fingers through the sand, playing with it. “Morning, Lars.”

He looks up, frowning a little. “Morning, miss.” Then he goes back to playing with the sand. Someone is not having a good morning, I see.

I smile a little, everyone has their own speed, his is not the best in the morning. Then I make a circle of all the chairs in the middle of the room, putting the new chair next to mine.

All the chairs have names on them, makes it easier for the kids to find them and teaches letter recognition and such. So I go over to my desk and pull out a paper, making a name sticker for the new girl too.

As I’m about to put the sticker on the chair, I catch movement near the door. I get ready to greet whoever it is, only to be stunned by the woman standing in the doorway. She’s got beautiful red hair, which is a little wild around her head right now, she’s wearing a nice looking jacket, but her jeans are full of stains that look like mud. At her side is a little girl, her hair as red as her mother’s.

This must be the new girl! And, her mother.

I stand up straight, going over to the door. “Good morning.” I feel my cheeks heat up a little as I catch her gaze, she’s got amazingly green eyes, like the colour of spring leaves.

“Good morning.” The woman looks around the classroom. “Are these the first and second years?”

“We are.” I nod, looking at the small girl. She looks mostly curious, although she seems a little reserved too.

“Then we’re in the right place.” The woman smiles and it brightens her eyes up even more, like sunshine, then she kneels down in front of the girl. “This is your new classroom. Look. It’s really pretty, right?”

The girl nods, her eyes going over everything in the room.

I also go down to her height. “I’m going to be your teacher. My name is miss Kim. What’s your name?” Of course, I know her name, but it’s always good to ask.

“Rose.” She shyly smiles, her eyes darting over to her mother.

“Welcome, Rose. Do you want to go play with something?” I saw a shimmer in her eyes as she caught a glimpse of something in the corner with the books.

“Yes, please.” She looks at her mum and then back at me.

Her mother lets out a laugh, a sound so light. “Go, play. I’ll tell you goodbye when I leave.”

Rose nods and is off to something in the book corner. We both look after her and then I look back at her mother.

She holds out her hand, pushing her hair behind her ear with the other one. I can see even more dirt on her hand as she does so. What was she up to before she came here?

I take her hand, she’s got a strong grip and soft skin for someone who looks like she just pulled herself out of a garden patch. “Kim.” I smile at her.

“Dani. Rose’s mum.” Then she falls quiet.

“I heard you just moved here?” Kind of, duh, but whatever.

“Yeah.” Her eyes immediately sparkle and she breaks out in a grin. “I saw the house, the garden, and I just had to live there. It’s like a dream. I’m not so sure yet that I really realise what I just did, but that will set in at some point, probably.” A dream. Of course. This is definitely some bold dream.

“Well, reality will set in soon enough. Right?” I look over to the classroom and catch Rose going over to Lars carefully, looking at what he’s doing.

“I don’t know. Maybe I hope that I’ll never wake up from this dream.” She grins. “Opening my own flower shop, living on the island…” Somehow her smile goes even bigger, making my stomach do a little flip.

“A flower shop?”

“Yes. Hoping to open it soon-ish. It depends on how quickly I can grow things and how quickly I can get suppliers set up and everything.” She really sounds like she’s talking about a dream. “I should probably have done more research before I did this, but that’s never really been my thing… I tend to do before I think.”

Dani’s got something ethereal over her, but at the same time, she doesn’t look like she’s just dreaming, she looks like she’s actually realising a dream. Such a big dream too.

Such a big dream.





Chapter 3


Dani

Rose didn’t want to get out of bed this morning. She didn’t feel like going to the new school or meeting her new classmates. She wanted to go back home, to the old home, to her old classmates and friends. All weekend, it was fine, it all seemed fine, but then, this morning, it went all wrong for her.

I just let her sulk on her own over her breakfast, after making sure she was dressed and ready for school, as I made a couple of small pots with seeds in them for in the greenhouse. I’ve still got some space left, and I think that growing some Indian cress, which grows these amazingly beautiful edible orange flowers, would be a great addition to the rest. And then I moved a couple of things around in the greenhouse.

And then I ended up with too little time to get changed into something clean as I had to drop Rose off at school.

By then, Rose had gotten over whatever was going on and she was actually excited about meeting new people and learning new things. It never takes long with her, my little sunshine.

I got her on my bike and we went over to the school. I knew we were early, which I’d planned on so that I could talk to the teacher before the school started. See who’ll be teaching my girl for the next months.

And then… Well… I don’t think the teacher, Kim, realised it, luckily, but for a moment I didn’t know what to say as I saw her. If you think about some movie version of a primary school teacher, she’s all that. Blond hair, pulled back into a ponytail that reaches the middle of her back, her lips a light red, not from makeup or anything, just her natural colour, her eyes a bright blue, like an afternoon sky. She’s wearing Doc Marten shoes, sturdy and comfortable, blue jeans that fit her perfectly and a comfy sweater in a soft light blue. She just looks like someone who loves everything and always smiles.

“Would you…” I eye the empty spaces at the windows. “Would you like for me to bring over a couple of flowers? I think they would fit really well in the classroom and the time of the year.” And it gives me a great excuse to talk to her more.

“You could? That would be…” Her eyes sparkle in surprise. “That would be great actually. I’ve been thinking about getting a few hyacinths for spring in the classroom, but I haven’t done anything about it yet.”

Hyacinths? I think I can pull that off. “Good. Yeah. Plants in the room, no matter the type, it really brings a feeling of the new year really starting. It brings spring into the house or classroom, right?” I’m saying silly things now, I think.

“Yeah.” She’s grinning, I don’t think she realises my babbling. “Yeah. And after months of winter, I could use some spring.”

“Me too.” I smile. She’s sweet, and I’d love to talk to her more, but I also need to get going. There are more kids coming into the classroom and I need to get back to Max and my work. I can’t slack on my work now, not now I need to keep making these dreams come true. “I should be ehh… I should be going.”

“Yeah, of course.” She steps back a little, glancing over at Rose, who somehow got the boy to talk to her. “She seems to fit right in.”

“She’s great at getting herself to fit in.” I step inside the room a little more. “Rose?”

She looks at me, her eyes shining with joy. “Yeah?”

“I’m going now. I’ll pick you up for lunch. Yeah?”

Her face falls for a moment and she comes over, giving me a big hug. Then she gives me a kiss on my cheek. “I’ll be good.”

“I do hope so.” I wink at her and she smiles. “I’ll see you in a few hours. Now, listen well to miss Kim, yes?”

Rose nods, grinning. “I promise.”

“Good.” I step back. “Bye.” I wave at her and she waves back at me. Then I nod at Kim, who nods back at me, smiling. As soon as I turn around, I hear Rose say something to Kim, she sounds really excited and I can’t help the way my smile grows. She’ll be fine. It seems like she’ll fit right in here, and it’s really hard not to love her sunny personality. Everyone always does.

* * *

During the move, I didn’t get much work done, and now I’m stuck in the middle of a book. I’d hoped to get more writing done than I did, but between packing and moving and unpacking here, and just spending time with Rose and my parents, I didn’t get much done. But with Rose back in school, I have to get back to work too.

Max is asleep at my feet, softly snoring, as I’m sitting in the conservatory with my laptop. Few things can beat this view, although, maybe looking out over the dunes and the sea would, but it’s too cold to sit outside to work, that will have to wait until the weather is warmer. So this is the second best thing.

My fingers hover over the keys for a few moments. I’m about to turn the drama in the book up high, to the next level. This is the part I love and hate to write in equal measures, the point where I’m going to slowly break the reader’s hearts and make them wonder if things will ever work out for the characters.

I make my money writing sexy romances, of different types, just because I can and I like to. But most of it is under different pen names, and since none of them are through the ‘traditional’ channels of publishing, I’ve always been lucky that my books don’t show up in the stores here, so I’ve never had to worry about people actually recognising me. Quite handy, honestly. It also means I don’t have to have awkward conversations with people, or with Rose’s teachers, or parents of her friends.

I’m an author. They’ve not heard of my books before, I assure them that. And I promise not to let my books lie around the house where small kids could accidentally find them.

Not that most covers would tell them much… Although… Some of them… I’ve had some explicit covers and, until this weekend, not even my parents had seen those. Since they helped me unpack the office and I have copies of all my books on the shelves in my office… Well, they saw them. Ah, well. They didn’t look too surprised, but my mum did give me that look that let me know that they were definitely spicy covers.

My phone buzzes, a message from my mum. ‘How are you settling in? Are you getting work done?’

I let out a laugh and take a picture of my view, then I send it to her. ‘I’ve got a great view. Work is going slower, though.’

Mum sends me a laughing smiley. ‘Don’t get too distracted.’

‘I won’t.’ I stretch, standing up and walking to the kitchen, making myself some coffee. If I look out the kitchen window, I can see right through the conservatory and out onto the garden. This will be such an amazing place in the summer. Such a beautiful place. Especially when there will be flowers and some trees out there later this year.

I take my coffee back to the conservatory and Max hasn’t even moved, probably way too comfortable right where he is. As my eye falls on my phone again, there is a new message from Mum. ‘How did Rose find going to the new school?’

‘She seemed pretty excited, by the end. She immediately made someone her friend.’

‘Sounds like her. And her teacher? Do they seem nice?’

Nice? Sure. Also very cute and making me want to hug her because she’s so adorable. She’s not cute as in young, I think she may be just a few years younger than me and I’m only thirty-five, but she seems cute in the way that makes you want to hug her. ‘Her teacher, miss Kim, seems really nice and definitely excited to have a happy kid like Rose in her class.’

‘Good. Rose can be a handful, but she always means well.’

‘Yeah. I think Kim can handle that.’ She seemed to, anyway. And now I’m thinking of her again.

Kim makes me want to write a story about a teacher falling in love with a parent of one of the kids from her class. But I have a deadline on this book, so I really can’t work on another story right now. This ‘bad boy biker guy falling back in love with the girl he left behind when he went away after secondary school to go be bad boy biker guy somewhere in a big city’ story isn’t going to write itself. It’s a pretty common type of story, but it makes good money, and it helps to support the books that I like to write in smaller genres, like lesbian romance…

And I’m back to Kim again… I’m not writing this idea, not now.

As I take a deep breath, my eye falls on the clock. It’s about time to pick Rose up for lunch. I turn my laptop off, and this time Max immediately gets up with me, sensing the change in mood.

“Yes, my boy, we’re picking up our little girl.” I put my laptop on the charger in my office and put on a jacket, then I look down at myself. I still forgot to change into something a little cleaner before going out, and I’m out of time again…

Ah, well.

I grab Max’ leash and put it on him, he immediately starts to pull towards the front door but I stop him.

“Not that way. We’re going out the back.” I tug him along to the back. We can get onto a path behind the garden, and he can do his business there as we walk to the school. That, and the view is great, looking out over the fields, so its a double win.

Max pulls me along to the back of the garden, though, as we go through the gate and step onto the path running behind the houses, he stops tugging, suddenly interested by all the scents around him more than getting somewhere like he tends to do.

I leisurely walk along the path, enjoying the sun on my face. The walk is way too short as we reach the first houses of the town again, and I cross through the neighbourhood, past the tourist information office and follow a path between some higher buildings until I reach the neighbourhood where the school is located.

There are a lot more parents around now, and people immediately focus on Max, making excited sounds when they see him. I have to admit, he looks cute, with his long hair, which is always a little curly and his content way of moving. He also loves the attention he can get from strangers. Of course, people always want to pet him and ask all sorts of questions about him.

Dogs are a great way to get to know new people, at least walking with one is. It takes away a barrier that always exists when you’re just walking on your own.

As I reach the school grounds, I stay outside the gate, not taking Max onto the grounds. I don’t want to frighten the kids who are scared of dogs and it’s a little calmer here for Max when I stay outside.

Of course, this also means that I probably won’t see Kim right now. Although, I can see her in the classroom through the window, she’s talking to the kids, before they all move like one and race out of the room. It’s time for lunch.

I hear the kids come out of the school, talking animatedly.

“Mum! Max!” That’s Rose. She only has her jacket partially on, just on one arm, and her bag is hanging from the other shoulder.

“Hey, kiddo.” I give her a big hug as she reaches me, then I help her put the jacket on properly, it’s too cold to be without one. “How was it?”

“So cool! Miss Kim has so many books.” Her eyes are shining and two other young kids come over to her.

“Is that your dog?” A boy is staring at Max with big eyes.

“Yes.” Rose grins, proudly. “His name is Max, and he’s older than I am.”

I smile. Dogs definitely are a great way to talk to people, no matter your age. It works just as well for Rose as it does for me. Not that Rose needs an opening to talk to people. She just does what she wants, she’s got little anxiety stopping her from just chatting anyone up.

I glance inside the classroom again, but I can’t see Kim anymore. She probably went to have lunch herself.

Maybe I should have just come on my own, so I could talk to her again. Although… I can always ask her how Rose’s first day went at the end of the day. No ulterior motives, just interested in how my girl is doing.

Really.

Right… And now I just have to convince myself of that…





Chapter 4


Kim

Today was a pretty successful day, especially for a Monday after a week long break. During the morning, we talked about the spring coming soon, about the weather probably starting to get a little warmer again, and then about the projects with plants and flowers that we’re going to work on in the next weeks. Sure, most of this was me talking to the kids, and the kids just looking at the pretty pictures I brought along with me, but I still like to set out what I’m going to do with them in the next weeks, it helps them prepare for it and ask questions.

Then, we started the morning with learning a new song, this one about the spring and about how flowers will start to grow and grow until they bloom. It’s a sweet song and I sing it with the group every year, so the second years tend to know the song already, which helps, because they’ll start to sing along with me, which then encourages the younger kids to also sing.

After the song, I split the group into smaller groups, some of them I worked with and we started folding flowers from coloured paper, as other kids did a counting exercise with different plants and another group played at the sand table, where I’d added a couple of spring related things to like fake flowers that you can find around the garden at this time of the year.

In the afternoon, we practised our colours and coloured flowers according what we’d just learned. It was pretty fun and definitely got the kids talking and getting a better grip on their colours.

All in all, it was a successful day and I think the kids are also all ready for the new season, just like I am, so done with the bad weather and the cold.

“Miss.” The new girl, Rose, is standing next to me, holding up her paper with the coloured flowers.

“Yes?” I turn to her, away from the schedule for the rest of the week on my monitor.

“This is for you.” She gives the page to me, flashing me a big smile.

“Oh, thank you. Don’t you want to give it to your mum?” I take it, but keep it on the table, she might change her mind. Rose has turned out to be working pretty precisely and she’s coloured the flowers as real to life as she’s been able to, with the sort-of limited palette we have here.

She shakes her head. “We already have the real ones at home. Mum and me are growing them.”

Well, I guess that makes sense for a kid, but won’t her mum want to see it? “Is she? Which one is your favourite?” I hold the page up to her.

Without any hesitation, she points at the hyacinths. “Those.”

“What are they called?”

“Hiasins.”

“Yes, they’re hyacinths. Why do you like them best?”

“Because they smell nice. They smell like when it’s time to open the window and look outside to the sunshine.” She grins, then turns around, and I catch Dani standing in the doorway. I’m not sure how much she heard, but by her smile, probably enough to understand what’s going on.

“Hello.” Dani walks into the classroom, coming over to us, then she ruffles her fingers through Rose’s hair. This time Dani is a lot cleaner, at least she’s wearing clean jeans and her hands aren’t covered in dirt. Her bright red hair is still as wild as ever though.

“Hello.” My smile is bigger than I mean it to be, but with the disarming way she’s smiling at me, I can’t help it.

Then Dani looks at Rose. “And why do we open the window to look outside? Or why did we used to do it?” There is still a smile on her face, it’s soft as she looks at her daughter.

Rose grins, taking her mum’s hand. “Because we used to live in an apartment building and Mum used to say that the first sunshine of the year was good to clean the winter out of the house.”

“And by that time, usually, we had hyacinths.” Dani looks at me. “Ban the winter mood out with happy feelings and clear weather and things like that.”

I smile back, not able to stay serious when she looks so happy. “Yeah, that sounds like a great plan.”

“Hey, little girl, can you grab your coat and bag?” Dani looks back to the hallway and Rose nods, before slipping her hand out of her mum’s and darting off in that direction. Then, Dani’s eyes are back on me. “How was she today? Did she make any trouble?”

I show her the page Rose coloured. “She was doing very well. Much better than most kids on their first day.”

Dani grins. “Yeah, she’s definitely a social butterfly like that. I’m glad to hear that today went well.” The glitter disappears out of her eyes a little, like she’s worried.

“She was in a small group with me this morning, when we were folding flowers. She told us all sorts of interesting things about flowers and what colours they were and how excited she is to grow some of them herself. And then, this afternoon, she was colouring with Lars and a couple of the younger kids, explaining to them how leaves are green, but branches are usually brown, but how the stems of flowers are usually green too, but not always.” Rose looked so excited when she explained things, and the colouring in that group had been much slower than in the other groups as they all listened to her way too much, but they seemed to be learning things and Rose wasn’t disrupting the others, so I let her be.

“She does know a lot of things. I’m often surprised how much she remembers from when I tell her things.” Dani shrugs slightly, like she’s feeling awkward. “I sometimes ramble when we’re doing things around the house or garden, explain to her what we’re doing, and suddenly I’ll hear those exact same words back from her later. It can be a little odd, hearing some complicated words come out of that little girl. But I guess I’ve got the luck of having a girl who loves to learn.”

“Young kids are like sponges, they’ll pick up anything you say around them.” I grin and stand up. We’re the last ones in the classroom, all the kids are gone by now, and I start reorganising the chairs into a circle for tomorrow morning. “How has the move been?”

“Harder and easier than expected.” Dani turns to Rose, who just came back into the classroom, her jacket almost fully closed, but not entirely. “Okay, little girl, are you ready to go home?”

“Yep.” Rose grins, then she looks around. “Where is Max?”

“Max is waiting for us at home.” Dani stands back up straight, looking my way. “Thank you for today, and I guess we’ll see you again tomorrow.”

“See you tomorrow.” Then I smile at Rose. “Give Max a hug from me, will you?”

“Will do. Bye, miss Kim!” She waves as she pulls Dani out of the classroom, who also quickly waves at me, grinning broadly as she lets herself be dragged off.

I can hear their footsteps in the hallway, then the closing of the front door, and everything is totally quiet. I don’t know what I expected to happen, but today definitely has been an interesting day.

I look out the window, at the beautiful sun. I guess I should finish up here quickly and then I can go home and enjoy some of this sunshine for myself. That sounds like a great plan!

* * *

It’s Wednesday and we’ve only had half a day of school today. This morning, we watched a video about how seeds sprout into seedlings and then grow into plants and then we played a game where we organised some cards in the right order to reflect what happens when a seeds sprout, going through each step of the growing process of a plant, just to repeat what they’d just learned. The kids were split into small groups and each one of them had a card, and they had to order themselves in the right order according to their cards.

It was really fun to watch the kids figure this out. It’s one thing when I teach them about something, but when they interact with each other and then teach each other, it usually works even better, it seems to stick better in their brains.

Wednesdays are always really short and that means that we tend to do more work that requires more focus from them, because it’s a short day anyway and I don’t need to worry about having to teach them again in the afternoon.

All the kids have gone home by now and I’m getting the room ready for tomorrow. We’re working more on how plants sprout and grow tomorrow, and I’ve got some really fun examples to use for it, which I’ve been trying to hide from prying eyes all day. It worked, but wasn’t easy.

A knock on my door makes me look up. Kara is standing in the doorway, smiling at me. “Hey.”

“Hey.” I nod at her. “How was today?”

“Good.” She grins, stepping into the classroom, looking around. “I see that things are going well here too?”

I shrug. “Pretty good. Do you need anything, or is this just a social chat?”

“I wanted to check in on you to make sure that we’re still on for the dinner this weekend. We’re planning on doing it on Friday. You can do that, right?”

“Yeah.” I remember her asking me this on Monday morning, and I think I accepted.

“Okay. We’re spending the evening at my place. I’ll be cooking the main meal with Sanne and Josie. Lin is bringing things from her own place.”

“You want me to bring a few things too? I can do that.” I grab my bag, ready to leave.

“If you could. I think we’re down to dessert or something like that. We’ve taken care of all the other things.”

“Good. I can do that.” We both step out of the classroom and I close the door behind us. “Any preference?”

Kara shrugs. “Anything you like. Something simple would probably be easiest, but that’s all up to you.”

“I can do anything. Friday, right?”

Kara nods.

“Then I can definitely do anything. I’ve got the afternoon off anyway.” We walk to the staff room, where I’ve grab my jacket.

“What do you think of the new girl in your class?” Kara eyes me for some reason.

“She seems nice, why?”

“Oh, not much. Just curious. I’ve seen her a few times on the grounds and she seems very… active.” Kara grins.

“She can be, but when you guide it in the right direction, it’s not that much of a problem. She’s very bright, both in personality and in how smart she is. You’ll have something to look forward to next year.” I wink.

“If they keep me on.” Kara raises an eyebrow.

“I think they will. You’re a good fit here, right?” I put on my jacket and Kara does the same.

“I guess.” She closes her jacket and takes her bag. “I’ll see you tomorrow. Oh, what do you think of doing a walk around the town on Friday? The weather is probably going to be really nice. We can probably do the walk from right after the morning break until right before lunch.”

“This week? Isn’t that a little short notice?” Everyone is already gone, so we can’t ask any parents to come with us anymore.

Kara shrugs. “The weather isn’t going to be as nice next week, so it’s either this week or in another week or two.”

Yeah, if she puts it that way… “I’ll see about it. I could probably ask some parents tomorrow.”

“I’ll do the same. You know a good route, right?”

I eye her. “How much of this have you actually planned out?”

“The idea?”

“No, I mean of the whole walk.”

“Just the idea. That’s all.” She grins and then darts out of the staff room, leaving me behind as I groan. Of course. I know that Kara can be a little impulsive, so why did I think it was any different this time?

But that doesn’t mean it’s a bad idea. We can totally walk around the town, try to find some of the spring plants and flowers and also trees that are just starting to get buds. And I should probably call one of the farmers, ask if we can come see a couple of their lambs, now they’re still small.

Of course, Kara put this all on me. Because I’m the person who already knows these things. But I also don’t really mind. Doing the walk is always fun and I know that the kids love it too.

But it does mean doing more work today and tomorrow, and changing the planning for the next couple of days just to make it all work.

Thanks, Kara…





Chapter 5


Dani

It’s been a week since we moved into the new house and today also signals the first day of a new month, March, the first real spring month.

Yesterday morning, when I dropped Rose off at school, Kim asked me if I could help them out with a walk through the town with the first four years of the school today. She said that it didn’t matter that I don’t know much about the town itself, but that my knowledge of flowers and plants will probably come in handy. She was hoping that I could make some time in my schedule. Which, of course, I was happy to do. Having a whole group of kids listening to me rambling on about some of my favourite things in the world, flowers, is always a pleasure.

I stash a couple of glasses with hyacinths in a sturdy box to take with me to the school. This morning, as I dropped Rose off, I realised that the windows in Kim’s classroom were empty and that they could definitely use some easy plants and colours. The hyacinths aren’t that far along yet, they’re sticking out of their bulbs really well but the leaves are only about to open up far enough to see the still green flower buds inside. They’re at the perfect time to put them in the classroom. They’re far enough open that you can start to see the flowers and they’ll be blooming within a week or two, but they’re also still small enough that they’re easy to carry.

The glasses the hyacinths are in have a big bottom and a second round part where the bulb sits in. This way the roots of the bulb sit in the water in the bottom part of the glass, while the bulb mostly stays dry. And this is a great way to see the roots all grow and curl around in the glass as the plant gets bigger. Plus, with the whole bottom of the glass filled with water, they don’t need as much water to survive, so they can easily be alone for a weekend when there isn’t anyone in school.

I take the box under my arm and pet Max’ head. “Sorry, bud. I’m not taking you with me right now. Some kids are scared of dogs and we’re just going to walk through the town, there is no place for you to play. We’ll walk to the beach with Rose later today, that’s much more fun for you. I promise.” I ruffle his fur and he just looks at me with those trusting eyes. It’s not fair, I know, but it’s also not a good idea to take him with me.

As I leave the house, locking the front door behind me, I catch the woman from across the street, the one who runs the book store, standing in the doorway of her shop, enjoying the sun. “Morning.” I wave at her.

“Morning.” She smiles, eyeing the box I’m holding. “Where are you off to?”

“I’m going to do a town walk with the first four years of the primary school. Thought I should bring along something fun for their classroom.”

“Ah, yes, of course. Your girl is in the second year, right? I know the woman teaching the third and fourth year.” She smiles brighter and then nods at me. “Have fun. It’s still a little too chilly to keep standing out here, so I’m going back inside. Have a good day.” She disappears back into the store.

I’m pretty sure she ‘knows’ the teacher of the third and fourth year pretty well, seeing as how often the teacher drops by the store or leaves it, at all hours. I’m fairly sure that ‘knowing’ is not the right word here, but they’re definitely very ‘friendly’, but I’m not going to pry. They need to do whatever they’re comfortable with themselves, I’m not butting in.

I pull the box under my arm up higher and then make off towards the school, greeting a couple of people here and there. Even in a week, I’ve gotten to know a lot of people, even if just enough to greet them when I see them in the streets. It’s pretty nice, although, it also feels really small town-like, but I guess I’ll get used to that soon enough. Since this really is a small town, in many regards, unless it’s in the middle of summer and the place is flooded with tourists, then it’s a different kind of place.

When I reach the school, the kids are already playing outside and Rose notices me before I even reach the gate.

“Mum!” She dashes over, a big grin on her face.

“Hey, kiddo.” I look over, and Kim is also coming to the gate to greet me. “Morning,” I greet her too.

“Morning.” Then she sees the box in my arm. “Did you bring something? You know that you don’t have to, right?”

“They’re just hyacinth bulbs for in the classroom.” I look around, I don’t spot any other parents yet. “Am I early?”

Kim shrugs as she opens the gate. “Maybe a little, the others should arrive in the next five or so minutes.” She flashes me a grin and I can feel it all the way in my stomach, the little flutter distracting me for a moment. “We should probably bring those inside. I don’t think you were planning on taking them with you on the walk, right?”

I step onto the school grounds. “No, I wasn’t.” I look at Rose, who is standing next to me, moving a little, already bored. “I’ll be right back outside. You go play with your friends, yeah?”

She flashes me a bright smile. “Yep. See you soon!” And she darts off again.

I follow Kim into the building, passing the teacher from the third and fourth year and even though I feel like I want to say something nice to her, I’ve seen her often enough, even though we’ve not been introduced yet, I just don’t know what to say that won’t sound weird. So I don’t say anything, just following Kim to her classroom.

The classroom is a lot more messy than I’ve gotten used to in the last couple of days. And when Kim sees me look around, she grins. “Yeah, it doesn’t always look as nice as it does in the mornings, especially not in the middle of the day when we’ve not cleaned up yet.” She motions to a group of tables in the middle of the classroom and I put the box down. “What did you get me exactly and how many of them?”

I take out the glasses with the bulbs. “I just got you a few hyacinths. They tend to do really well inside and don’t require much looking after. I may be able to get you a few other plants and flowers too, but these were the easiest to get for the room.” I take each glass out, putting them around the box. “I’ve got everything from a dark purple and blue one to bright a pink and a white one, eight in total.”

Kim nods, smiling, then she looks around the classroom, at the windows. “Four windows, eight bulbs. It almost looks like you planned it that way.” She eyes me and then winks.

I grin at her as my stomach does another flop and nod too. “Yeah. I’d hoped I got the number of windows right, I just wasn’t sure.” I start sorting through the bulbs. “Okay, do you want to put them up randomly, or do you want to do them by colour, so you get more of a rainbow effect? I think I can remember which one is which.”

“Just random is fine.” She takes two of the bulbs and goes to one of the windows, I do the same for the window furthest away.

When we both get back to the table to pick up the next bulbs, Kim is looking at me in a way I don’t know if I like, especially since she looks a little serious.

“Can I ask you something? You don’t have to answer me, I’d just like to know, as a teacher, so I know what to expect.” She looks like she doesn’t exactly know what to do, or how to ask what she wants to ask.

“You can ask, I don’t know if I have an answer for you.” I shrug, bringing the bulbs to one of the other windows, hoping that she can’t see my face. Usually, when people act like that, it’s because they’ll ask about our family… Questions I don’t tend to like.

“I’ve not heard Rose talk about this, so I don’t know the situation, but would it be too forward of me to ask where Rose’s other parent is? She always talks about you, or your parents, her grandparents, but never about there being a second parent in her life. Have you always raised her by yourself?”

Well, that could be one answer to the question, and probably the easiest one to give, but it’s not the truth. “Rose’s other mum left us a few years back. Rose was still really small, I don’t think she remembers much about it, I hope not anyway. And since Rose is biologically mine, my ex doesn’t want anything to do with her.” I hate talking about it, I hate remembering that it even happened. Always having been a single mum would be a much easier answer to give, but I also know that even though Rose never talks about it, she could do at some point and I don’t want Kim to be taken off guard when it happens, I don’t want to put her in an awkward situation. At Rose’s previous school, this was common knowledge since we’ve lived in the same neighbourhood ever since Rose was born, but here, they don’t know anything about us, which is a good thing, but does mean having to explain not-so-fun things from time to time.

“Oh. I’m so sorry. That really sucks.” Kim is suddenly much closer than I expect her to be and when I look up at her, the look in her eyes is really sad, making my own heart heavy too.

“Thanks. Yeah. It’s not always easy. My parents helped us out a lot and now she’s older and in school, things have gotten easier. But, yeah…” I try to shrug it off, but it still hurts, and thinking about how Rose could have been affected in ways that I don’t even know about yet is even more painful.

“It’s good to hear that you’re doing okay.” She flashes me a sad smile. “And I’m sorry for asking such a sad question. I just…”

I nod. “As her teacher, it’s good if you know. You never know when it comes up. And kids’ brains are strange things in when and how they’ll remember things.” Kim nods too, and I want to reach out to her, I want to feel her, I want to make her stop looking sad. “What about you? Do you have a partner? You already know I don’t.” I try to make her smile, but the question seems to almost trouble her more. That’s not what I wanted. “Sorry. I’ll shut up now. Me and my mouth…” I step back, but her eyes snap up to mine as she shakes her head.

“It’s fine. I don’t care. I don’t have someone in my life. Not many people my age to date around here and summer flings aren’t as interesting when you reach your thirties.” She starts smiling slowly and I smile back.

“Yeah, I can imagine.” I go back to the box in the middle of the room. “You’ve lived on the island your whole life?”

Kim nods. “Most of it, anyway. I grew up here, went to the mainland to study and then came right back when I saw there was a position open at the school.”

“That must be nice, having such strong roots. I moved around too much for that, but I think I can grow roots here.” I pick up the box. “Where does this go?”

She nods towards the hallway. “Just put it outside the door, we can put it away later.” Then she shrugs. “Having roots is one thing, but when you’re already all grown up and more of a tree and have grown stuck in your spot, it’s not as easy to get outside of that feeling of safety, or let someone in with you.” She passes me by and I put my hand on her arm on an impulse, not wanting her to walk off when she’s got such a sad smile on her face.

“Maybe you’ll be able to find someone who doesn’t mind the shade of a strong tree, but revels in it instead, some flourish when they’re supported by a big strong tree.” When she looks at me, my face flushes and I pull my hand back. That was out of line. Definitely! No matter the weird things that came out of my mouth, that was out of line for me to say!

She nods, her own cheeks pinking too. “Maybe… Thanks.” Then she walks to the door and I can see the way she takes a deep breath before looking my way again. “I think we should probably go back outside, I think the other parents will have arrived by now.”

I nod. “Yeah. Of course.” Because that’s why I’m here, not to make advances on the woman who teaches my little girl, but to actually go on a walk with Rose’s whole class, this is about responsibility, not flirting.

I put the box around the corner of the door and Kim locks it behind me before we go to the front doors, where more adults are already waiting around, chatting among each other.

Kim steps through the doors first and the other teacher catches sight of us, coming over. She holds out her hand to me. “I’m Kara. I teach the third and fourth years.”

“Dani, Rose’s mum. We just moved to the island. I think I’ve seen you at the bookstore a few times, right?” I don’t know why I say it, maybe because it popped into my head or maybe because I’m too curious to see what happens when I do, but I’m not disappointed by the results as Kara’s eyes grow a little and her face flushes just a little. Oh, yes. My suspicions were totally right about those two. “I’m looking forward to the walk today. I heard something about flowers and lambs.”

“Yes. We’re going to try to find as many spring related things as we can today.” Kara turns to some of the other adults, probably all parents, as I’ve seen a couple of them while dropping Rose off or picking her up. “Let’s introduce you to everyone.”

In the next minutes, we’re all introduced to each other and Kim explains the route we’ll be taking on the trip. This is going to be an interesting experience…





Chapter 6


Kim

I walk at the head of the group as we make our way to the edge of the town, behind me the kids walk in pairs, all hand in hand, trying not to lose any of them on our way. Not that it’s very easy, most of the kids have lived here all their lives so they tend to know the town like the back of their hands, so even if they get split off the group they’ll be able to find their way. Throughout the line of kids, a couple of parents are interspersed, keeping an eye on the kids and making sure they don’t walk off or fall over and that cyclists or others don’t accidentally split up the line.

Our first stop is the farm where we’ll see some cute little lambs, getting that out of the way first, and then we’ll circle around in a large arch to get back to the school. We should be able to do all this in about an hour. It’s not even forty-five minutes on foot by myself, but I think that this whole thing with almost forty kids will probably take more like an hour and a half.

Every time we see buds in trees or plants or spot spring flowers, I point them out to the kids, asking them if they know what plant it is and what they know about it. This combines teaching with an element of play as they love to both find things before others do or know more about something than someone else, in the end, the whole group learns from each other this way.

It also allows me to switch my mind off from time to time. Because it keeps going back to what happened with Dani in the classroom, the pained way she looked, the things she told me. I could see that talking about her ex hurt, but I don’t know why I wasn’t that surprised when she said that her ex was a woman. Somewhere, stupidly, it gave me some hope that maybe I had a chance with her. Which, of course, is stupid, because she’s the mother of one of the kids I’m teaching and that should be the end of my interest.

But then, at the end of our chat, the way she touched me, and the words she said about some people maybe not caring or even liking when someone already has an established place… I don’t know. Should I read anything into that? Can I read anything into that?

Because I know it’s not a good move to even consider her anything more than just another parent. Not now, maybe never. I know what my life is like and a woman like Dani, with her bright eyes, her impulsiveness, the way she’s living her dreams… I don’t think that’s a good match anyway, no matter which way you turn it.

* * *

We reach the farm without much difficulty and everyone keeps their focus where it should be on our walk there. Keeping almost forty kids on the same path isn’t the easiest, but then, they do love to go see the lambs, so they’re definitely motivated to stay together as a group.

As soon as we reach the fence, I can hear the squeals from some of the kids and fast feet as the ones in the back rush to the front, looking out over the pasture and pointing at the fuzzy little creatures wobbling around next to their mums.

Luckily, there is a wooden fence around the pasture, as the inner fence is made of electric fencing, but I still have to grab a couple of too excited hands when some kids reach through the wooden fence trying to touch one of the sheep or lambs.

I greet the farmer, Ben, and so do most of the kids. They all know him because he does the same talk about little lambs and them growing up every year and he also does some cool things for kids during the summer months, but that doesn’t stop them from listening to his every word.

We make our way onto the farm and go to an area at the side where there are a couple of rows of ‘seating’ made from big tree trunks and they all climb onto them to listen to Ben.

“I see we’re all here, right?” Ben looks over the group. “Good. As you can see, we’ve had quite a few lambs this year and they’re still only a week or two old, most of them anyway.” He smiles as he looks around, his eyes going over each of the kids, making sure they’re all listening to him. “Who can tell me what a female sheep is called?”

Multiple hands go up in the air and he points at one of the kids. “Ewe.”

Ben grins. “Correct, you must have listened well last year.”

All the kids laugh and it’s good to watch them having fun like this.

The adults stay at the back of the group, staying out of the way of Ben, there are a couple of benches here where we can sit while he does his thing. After a couple of minutes, his wife, Nadine, also comes over, and joins him in the explanations. They have a lot of sheep, but during the summer, they also host all sorts of crafting and survival workshops for every age, including the really little ones, so they have a lot of experience keeping such young kids entertained.

I check my phone for a moment, making sure I’ve not gotten anything important, but it’s all quiet.

Then Kara sits next to me, bumping her shoulder into mine. “What’s wrong?” She eyes me for a moment.

“Wrong?” I try to sound normal, but I’m still nervous. “Why would there be something wrong?”

She raises her eyebrow at me as she lets out a slow breath.

I break much too easily. “It’s nothing serious. We’ll talk this evening. The dinner is still on, right?”

“Yeah, of course.” Kara grins, and then jerks her head up right as one of the kids stands up and looks around for her. I know that look, but luckily this is one of her kids and not mine, not anymore anyway. “I’ll be right back.” Kara goes over to the kid and then to Nadine to ask her where the bathrooms are.

As I look around, I catch Dani glancing my way and my stomach does a little flop. She smiles softly and wanders over, not sitting down next to me, but leaning against the fence a little behind me, I can see her from the corners of my eyes, but then turn sideways to see her more easily.

“Has Rose ever been to one of these things before with her old school?” I don’t know what else to ask her, but I don’t want to stay quiet.

“No. This is the first time she gets to do all of this with her whole class. We’ve been to a petting zoo to see the lambs before but that was just by ourselves. She’s not been with her class or school. I think she likes it.”

When I look over to Rose, she’s totally enthralled by what Ben is telling them and listening to every word. I can see the way she’s trying to absorb every last bit of information she can get. I knew that she loved learning, I’ve seen that in action all week, but to watch her really just catch anything coming her way, it’s fun to see. “This is usually the highlight of the season, at least when it comes to baby animals.” I glance back at Dani, but her eyes are still on Rose, before darting to me for a moment, then she shows me a sad smile.

“I’m sorry about what happened in the classroom. I shouldn’t have done that.” She shrugs with just one shoulder before averting her eyes again.

“It’s okay. I was out of line too.” I watch as the kids are getting restless and it’s definitely time for us to go see the lambs from a little closer and then move to the rest of this walk. You can’t expect the littlest ones to pay attention for a long time, especially not when they’re sitting still like this. “Time to get moving.”

Ben shows us the barns where a couple of sheep are either recovering from giving birth, with their really young lambs at their side, or are still waiting for it to happen. The air is filled with ‘oooh’ and ‘ahh’ as the kids watch them.

Then we get back in line and start the rest of the town tour. We kind of still need to see a couple more flowers that we’re going to be talking about in the next weeks, and I’m pretty sure that I saw them earlier when I tested the trail, but now I’m hoping that they’re still going to be there and haven’t been cut or anything yet…

I’m constantly aware of where Dani is in the group and also that Kara is definitely keeping an eye on me too. She knows something is up. Sometimes Kara is a great friend and sometimes she can be a little too meddling… But then, I guess I like it when she does that, it makes me feel like we’re actually friends and we’re not just people who somehow know each other, which tends to happen a lot for me.

Now to just get through the day and then I can drink a few glasses of wine and talk about things that have nothing to do with how well a kid is progressing through the year or where they should be in their development. Just some easy time.

* * *

‘Change of plans.’ It’s a message from Lin, Kara’s girlfriend.

Uh-oh. I’m making some after-dinner snacks, mostly just digging through my chocolate stash and figuring out what I can bring with me. I was thinking cocktails, but it’s a little too late to do that right now, since I can’t get many of the ingredients here on the island. But I can probably brings a few things along. ‘Change?’

‘Yep, change of venue. I also invited the woman who just moved in across the street from me to join us. I think the little girl is in your class? We’re having the dinner there.’

Just when I thought I could get away from thinking about Dani for a night… She’s been on my mind all afternoon and it’s probably not going to get any better… ‘Okay.’

‘She’s got a dog too and with three dogs in a single space… Kara’s place is too small for that. So, we moved it. I hope it’s okay?’

‘Yeah. Sure.’ Like I can really say something else. Of course, I could try to get out of it, tell them I’m not feeling well or something. But at the same time… I guess that if we’re with a bigger group of people, it should help with not making things awkward… Right? ‘Do you need me to take something extra with me? She just moved here, I don’t know if she’ll have enough plates and things for all of us.’

‘I think it’ll all be covered. I’m taking some extra plates and cups, since I’m right across the street anyway and I just heard from Kara that Josie brought a whole box of food with her. If I have to believe her words, the things in the box could feed all of us all for a week, even if we wouldn’t be able to get out of the house to buy extras.’

I snort. Yeah, I may not know Kara’s friends well, I’ve only met them once or twice. But that sounds like them. ‘Okay, so we meet at Dani’s place at five?’

‘Five-thirty.’

‘Cool. Will be there.’ I sit down, staring at my phone. I thought I didn’t have to worry about Dani for the weekend, but now I’ll be spending the whole evening with her, and that after the awkward things that happened this morning… Great…

Maybe it’s good that I can’t bring too many cocktails, because I don’t think I should add too much alcohol to this party… Not with the way I’m feeling.

As I’m melting some chocolate to make chocolate covered cookies, I get a message from Kara. ‘Did Lin tell you that we’re moving the night to a different location?’

I lick my fingers, cleaning them as well as possible as I reach out and reply. ‘Yep. Meeting at Dani’s as five-thirty, right?’

‘Yep. Just wanted to make sure. Lin invited her, she thought that Dani may need some people her own age to hang out with, since she’s new and all.’

I snicker. What is this? Are we now doing adult play-dates? Inviting the new kids to parties to help them get to know people better? Although, I’m surprised that it was Lin who invited her and not Kara, as Lin is usually a little more reserved, but I guess that even Lin is coming out of her shell now.

‘It’s fine. Lin was right, it’s probably a good idea for her to get to know more people.’ There just aren’t too many who are our age around here and I would know as I’m basically the only person in our little group who grew up on the island. Not that growing up here has any certainties, I’ve always been an outsider, never many close friends. So I guess that creating our own little group of people, our own little group of mismatched friends is a good idea.

Maybe it’ll make the next years easier if I actually have friends here, instead of spending every day on my own, doing my own thing, living by myself with only my parents for company a couple of hours a week…

But it’s also a little scary, especially because of the way Dani makes me feel when I’m near her…





Chapter 7


Dani

When I stopped by the bookstore across the road to pick up paper and pencils for Rose for the weekend, the woman running the shop, Lin, invited me to a party she and her friends were having. It was very sweet of her to invite me, especially since I haven’t really met that many people here yet, at least not too many people who I have more in common with than the fact that I’ve got a kid who goes to the same primary school as their kid. And while other parents can be great, I do like to talk about things other than my beautiful girl… And I have seen Lin sneak a romance book around when she comes to the store or leaves it, so at least we’ve got something in common…

But I did offer to move the party to my place, since Kara’s place is only small, and with six adults, three dogs and a kid… That’s probably too much for her apartment. It does help, because I also have no idea what to bring to parties like this, so hosting it lets me do at least something for it. Plus, this way, Rose can go to bed when she’s tired, not that she won’t fall asleep at the table or somewhere near us first, but I don’t feel like carrying her halfway through the town while she’s asleep. She loves to just listen to people talk when she’s falling asleep, it calms her down, listening to voices.

“Where does this go?” Rose is holding a stack of plates that I put out on the table in the kitchen. We’re eating in the conservatory since the sun is out and it’s not too cold, it’s just not warm enough to sit outside, and this, with the windows on all sides is both sitting sheltered inside while enjoying the outside.

“I’ll put those on the table.” I quickly reach out before she can drop them, they’re much too heavy for her, and then put them one by one on the table. We’ll have six adults here, plus of course a spot for Rose, so seven seats in total. The table I’ve got out here is big enough to host everyone, but only just, it’s a second-hand table my parents spotted right before we moved here, it’s part of their ‘housewarming gift’. But we won’t have a lot of extra space, not around or on the table, we’ll have to keep the courses in the kitchen, out of the way.

While looking through my cupboards, still mostly holding boxes instead of having been unpacked, for the plates and cutlery, I found a couple of bottles of wine and a few jars of olives and other snack-ish things, so that’ll be my contribution to the meals tonight.

I’m looking forward to this all, even though I’ve never done it before. I didn’t have many friends these last years and with me working my ass off just to make this whole move happen, I didn’t make many new friends either. This will be my first time hosting an adult party on my own and it’s making me nervous. Although, I’m not entirely sure the nerves are from the whole party-thing or if it’s the fact that Kim is coming too…

This is going to be fun…

Max stands up, letting out a quiet bark and moments later, the ‘ding dong’ of the bell tells me that the first person has arrived.

I turn to Rose. “Can you get the spoons and the forks from the kitchen? I’ll open the door.” Better give her something to do, before she decides things on her own and gets her hands on something breakable or sharp.

Rose bounces off as I make my way to the front of the house, locking Max in the hallway before I open the front door.

It’s Lin, holding a big box, she grins at me. “I’m not too early, am I?”

I shake my head, smiling. “You’re right on time. I’m just setting the table and trying to keep everything breakable away from Rose.” I step aside and let Lin walk past me. “Max is behind the door, don’t let him scare you. He’s totally harmless, just a little enthusiastic when people arrive.”

Lin nods, her grin widening. “I know another dog like that. Kara’s dog is exactly the same. I’m not easily scared.”

“Good.” I open the door, pointing her to the kitchen. “The box can go on the kitchen table. Do you need anything stored in the fridge?”

She shakes her head as she puts the box down. “Nah, I’m good.” Then her eyes go around the place. “This is a beautiful house.”

“Thanks. I haven’t changed much yet, this is all from the previous owners. I’m going to do some repainting, lighten up some of the colours, get a brighter colour scheme. But I haven’t gotten to it yet.” We walk to the conservatory, where Rose is putting the spoons and forks next to each of the plates. “Do you want something to drink?”

“What do you have?” Lin’s eyes grow as she looks out over the garden. “Wow, that’s… Wow!”

“Thanks. You’re looking at the reason the house isn’t finished yet.” I grin. “But I’ve got wine, water, orange juice, apple juice and probably a few other things too.”

Lin looks back to me. “Water will be fine. Can’t start too fast, you know? We’ve got the whole evening for the alcohol.”

I grin, I like her. “Good idea. One water coming up.” Then I go to the kitchen, pouring two glasses, as the doorbell rings again.

I put the glasses down and trap Max in the hallway. This time he’s way more excited about who is at the front door, and as I make my way to it, I know why. Kara is standing there with two other women, probably her friends, and two dogs.

I take a deep breath as I open the door, letting them in. “Welcome. Don’t drop anything, and try to stay on your feet. My four legged creature is behind the door, very excited to meet everyone.”

One of the other women lets out a laugh. “Thanks for the warning.” Then I catch a glimpse of the cart she’s pulling along. A cart filled with food.

“How many people are we expecting at this party?” I smile as I shake my head.

“Not too many, I hope. I was just excited.” She holds out her hand. “I’m Josie.”

I take her hand. “Dani.”

The other woman waves at me from near the door the hallway, I can already hear Max scratch at the door. “I’m Sanne.”

“Nice to meet you. I’m Dani. And you can open the door, just keep the dogs close and get them to the garden as fast as possible. If you walk in a straight line to the back, you can just open the back door and them out. The garden is safe for dogs, I’ve got gates and everything.” I wait as Josie pulls the cart further inside the house and follows the others.

Then, just as I’m about to close the door and take one final look around, I catch a glimpse of Kim. She’s carrying a really big box, which looks pretty heavy, and I walk over to meet her.

“Want me to carry that for you?” The box looks like it’s about to fall.

“Thanks.” She lets out a breathy smile and I take the box from her. It’s indeed very heavy.

“What’s in this?” The box is closed, so I can’t see anything.

“Desserts, or, well, after-dinner snacks. Or something.” Her cheeks colour a little and she looks away from me. “I tried something, don’t pin me down on what it is exactly.”

We reach the house again and I step inside. “Well, welcome to my place. It’s not that big, but it’s cosy.” As she’s followed me inside, I kick the door shut behind us. “Just keep walking ahead. Kara and the others have only just arrived too, so it’s a bit busy right now.”

She nods. “Thanks.” She shrugs out of her jacket, revealing tight blue jeans and a beautiful fitting dark red wool sweater. It looks soft and makes me want to touch her…

I put the box on the little bit of spare space on the kitchen table. It’s now totally filled with food and as I turn around I look out the kitchen window into the conservatory. Kim is greeting Rose and the others and everyone is talking excitedly about the dogs, who are running around in the garden. You never know how dogs will interact, but they seem happy enough together, happily chasing each other. At least it’ll mean that they’ll be tired soon.

This looks like a good start to the evening… Now to get through the rest of it.

* * *

It’s fun to hear everyone’s stories of how we got here. We’re all about the same age, apart from Rose, of course, but we’ve all had very different paths in life. I’ve told them that I’m an author, but I’ve not exactly explained what it is I write. I don’t like to out myself like that, especially since I don’t need Kim or Kara to look up what I write… I don’t need things like that to get around the school, or I’ll be the mum who ‘writes those dirty books’, and I’m not looking forward to that, or for Rose to be looked at differently for it.

“I think I need to open a few more bottles of wine, and water.” The bottles are running a little low. I carefully get up, Rose is asleep on my lap, I don’t want to wake her. “And I think I need to get this girl to bed.”

Of course, Rose wakes up from that. “I want dessert.” Her voice is all sleepy and she barely stirs in my arms. She can say what she wants, but if she’s not waking up for it, I’m not letting her stay.

“We’ll save you some.” Kim grins at her. “I promise.”

Rose must be really tired as she just nods and doesn’t fight it.

“Sleep tight, Rose.” Lin calls after us, and some of the others repeat it too.

When we’re in the house and I walk up the stairs. “Come on, baby girl. We’ve gotta brush your teeth and get you in your pjs.” I put her down in the bathroom, making her sit on the edge of the bath. “Was today fun?” I put some toothpaste on a brush.

Rose nods, blinking and waking up a little. “The lambs were fun. And the flowers. And having everyone over here too.” Then she opens her mouth so I can brush her teeth.

“Would you like it if we did this more often, have everyone over?”

She nods a little, trying to say something, and I pull back the toothbrush. “Their dogs are fun.” She splutters toothpaste everywhere.

“Yes, they are.” I brush her teeth again. Like Lin said when she invited me, the dogs can be quite a handful, but as soon as everyone settled down, they calmed down too and made themselves comfortable under the table, not doing much apart from sleeping and looking up when they thought something fell on the floor.

After brushing her teeth, I walk Rose to the bedroom and help her change into her pyjamas. She’s easily letting me do it, too tired. As she’s climbed into bed, I sit next to her, looking at her for a few moments. “Have a good night. I’ll see you in the morning.”

“See you in the morning.” She yawns and then snuggles under the covers. She must be really tired, as she’d normally fight going to bed if we’ve got people over, but not today. Although, it’s already hours after her normal bed time, it’s eleven in the evening and we haven’t even started dessert yet…

I look back at Rose from her door, but I think she’s already fast asleep. Then I go down the stairs and find Kim in the kitchen, digging through the box she brought along. I lean against the doorway, looking at her for a few moments before I speak. “Hey.”

She startles, and then looks up at me. I’m not sure if it’s the low light or if she’s really blushing. “Hey…” She stands up straight, holding two bottles. “I also brought wine along. Thought we could open one of these bottles next.”

I nod. “Sure.” I push off the doorway and search for the bottle opener in one of the drawers. “Are you having a good evening?” I glance outside, Kara and the others are still talking animatedly, laughing together, they look so happy.

“Yeah.” Kim’s voice is soft and then she’s standing next to me, looking out the window too. “It’s just… Sometimes it feels a little strange, feeling like an outsider looking in, just because they already know each other better.” She’s got her hands on the counter in front of her and I put one of my hands next to hers, reaching out my pinky just a little, touching hers.

“They do want you with them, you know. They’re trying to involve you too.” My heart beats a little faster as I feel her hook her pinky finger around mine.

“I know. It’s just… They’re all couples, and that just creates a different dynamic, being the fifth wheel and all.” She lets out a deep sigh.

“Well, we can be the outsider wheels together. Two wheels still make a bike, or a motorcycle.” I have no idea where that comes from and when Kim looks at me, she snorts, grinning broadly, her eyes lighting up.

“A bike? A motorcycle? What?” She shakes her head, but her eyes sparkle. Then her eyes fall on my lips and she licks hers, before her eyes dart away and she pulls her hand back. “I think we should get those bottles back out there, or we’ll never get through this dinner.”

She takes both bottles in her hands, but when she walks past me, I can’t help my words. “I wouldn’t mind that…” My voice is lower than I expect it to be, and I see the way Kim swallows hard before she nods and walks on.

My heart is beating way too fast and as I hold the bottle opener, I need a moment to myself. Just seeing her, all beautiful and so comfortable with others. I want her. I want to touch her and kiss her.

It’s been so long that I felt like that, that need, and it couldn’t have been a worse person to fall for. She’s Rose’s teacher and it’s not good to fall for the teacher of your kid… It’s not a good idea…





Chapter 8


Kim

My heart is pounding loudly as I put the bottles on the table, and then pour myself a glass of red wine. “Anyone else?”

“Me.” Sanne looks up, grinning. “Took you long enough.” She raises an eyebrow at me before she winks. Even though nothing happened, the look in her eyes tells me that she’s suspecting something and my cheeks heat up immediately.

“Sorry, that was because of me.” Dani steps through the door, holding a plate with all sorts of snacks on them. “A few more veggie snacks. You’ve got to try these, I made them myself. They’re made from veggies and other things I’m growing in the garden.” She puts the plate down. “Of course, these aren’t from the garden yet, but from the store, but I will have them in the garden this year.” She sits down too, in the chair next to mine, the one Rose sat in before, and acts like we didn’t just have crazy chemistry in the kitchen.

I wanted to kiss her. I almost did too. I almost kissed her. That would have been a bad idea. A very bad idea. I glance at the glass in front of me, maybe I shouldn’t drink much more. You know, keeping the chances of me doing something stupid lower and stuff.

Dani puts on of her ‘snacks’ on my plate. “Here, try one.”

I look at it, picking it up. “Not to be a bummer, but what are they?”

Dani lets out a laugh, her eyes shining and her whole body moving. “Potato and veggie cookies-ish. They’re a creation from when I made too much mashed potatoes with veggies one day and needed something to do with the leftovers. I didn’t want to eat mash for a week. They’re pretty easy to make and make great snacks to get veggies into kids, or adults.” She looks at me, winking.

I feel my cheeks heat up and nod. Then I take a bite from the ‘cookie’ and it’s actually really nice. It’s a bit salty and you can definitely taste the veggies, but it’s also fun and the crunch on them is really good.

Around me, conversations start again and Dani is talking to Kara about the cookies and ways to get kids to eat veggies and to get them to try more different veggies. And I’m sitting here, my body all warm and fuzzy, from more than just the wine, and all my senses focused on the woman next to me.

I take another ‘cookie’, nibbling on it, giving myself something to do other than just stare into nothing.

“Kim?” I look up and find Kara looking at me.

“Yeah?” I blink, but it seems that nobody else realised I was zoning out, or they didn’t really mind.

“What did you do for the vegetable and fruits exploration project last year? At my last school they didn’t do much interesting with it, just handing different fruits and veggies out and letting the kids touch and smell them and stuff.” She lets out a sigh. “I do hope this school is more experimental in that regard?”

I smile. “Yeah. Of course, we let the kids feel and smell and taste everything. But since this is a pretty tight community and there aren’t too many kids, we had a whole afternoon and prepared all sorts of dishes and combined flavours and spread the experiences over the different classrooms. Every room had their own ‘theme’. We made some vegetable chips and fries in one of the rooms for the root vegetables. And had a bowl with small balls of different melons in one of the fruit rooms. And a couple of other things.” It was fun and I know that the kids loved it too, no matter if they were in the lowest years or the final years, they all loved it.

“That sounds really fun.” Dani nods. “Let me know when you’re doing one again. I’d love to help out. I love food experiences.”

My cheeks flame up again, and I nod. “I—I will.” Then I catch Kara’s eyes going between us and the heat in my cheeks gets even worse.

“We’ve got the spring projects to do first, though.” Kara grins. “I think I heard something about growing plants?” She eyes me.

“Yeah… Well… I know that the kids from my years are really young, but they could definitely grow their own, right?” I look at Dani, who nods enthusiastically.

“Yeah. Of course.” Dani stands up and goes over to some shelves behind her, picking something up. Then she comes back over to the table and puts down a small butter tub with soil in it. “Rose has been growing her own little seeds already. The whole group could definitely do this, no matter if they’re four or six years old.” She shrugs a little. “Of course, you may want to, you know, make something pretty around the tub. But this should work for everyone.” Then she looks at Kara. “Even your year would probably love to do this. Grow their own little plants or flowers, whatever they choose.” She’s getting all excited and I can’t help smiling at her. When Dani gets excited like this, her hair almost looks to get even wilder around her delicate face and her green eyes light up. She becomes almost like a fairy, a spirit that can’t be captured or bound to this world.

Kara grins at her. “Sounds like a good idea. It could definitely help them with teaching all the stages of plants and I know that they love to do some crafting.” She holds her head to the side and I can see her think.

Dani turns to me. “If you need someone to help out with the class, I’d love to help. I know that keeping twenty kids all in the same direction can’t be easy. Especially when you’re dealing with a project that created a lot of mess, like working with sand…” She pulls a face. “Sometimes just keeping track of one girl can be hard.”

I can’t help the laugh that escapes me. When Dani gets like this, I can definitely see the similarities with Rose. But she’s also a little… easily distracted, so I can imagine that keeping track of one girl long enough to make sure she doesn’t get in trouble can be a little of a task.

“What?!” Her eyes grow as she looks at me, mock-offended.

“Oh, no. I believe you. I totally believe you. But why do you think that keeping track of ten kids will be easier?” I raise an eyebrow at her and she meets my eyes straight-on.

“Because it is?” She grins. “I don’t get lost doing my own thing that way.” She shrugs a little, then she eyes the clock. “Are we doing dessert, or are the dogs going for their walk first?”

“Well… I kind of need to prep the dessert. So that could probably be done at the same time?” I look around the table.

Josie stands up and her dog, Bente also immediately gets up, tail wagging wildly. “We’ll take the four-legged ones for a walk. Then you two can prepare the desserts?”

“Sounds good.” Dani stands up too, taking some of the plates from the table. “Just don’t make it too long, or we’ll have eaten them all by ourselves when you get back.”

Sanne pouts, her cheeks a little red. “No way. I want some too. When I peeked in the box, it looked really nice. I want some!”

“Then you can’t make the walk too long.” Dani grins. “Max’ leash is on the hook next to the door. Just step out gate at the back of the garden and you’ll get on the path.”

Josie, Sanne, Lin and Kara grab their jackets, the dogs getting all excited and walking in front and between them, almost tripping everyone. Then they open the door, letting everyone outside, and as the door closes, everything goes quiet…

And I’m standing in the middle of the conservatory with Dani at my side. Alone.

Right…

* * *

I put the chocolate covered cookies on seven plates, they’re three types of cookies coated in different types of chocolate and I’ve combined them with some chocolate covered nuts and a good sized scoop of vanilla ice cream. It’s simple but I know that people love this because it’s also decadent.

“This plate is for Rose.” I point to the one on the far end, the one without the ice cream on it, as Dani comes back into the kitchen after checking on Rose upstairs. “Is she still asleep?”

“Out like a light.” Dani lets out a soft laugh. “Anything else that needs to go on this plate?” She looks over what I’m doing, standing close and I can almost feel her warmth on me.

“Nothing that she can have. I’ve got a few adult additions for the others, but she’s not getting any of those.” I go back into the box I brought along and take out some alcohol filled chocolates. “These still go on ours, but they’re not for Rose.”

Dani nods and takes Rose’s plate. “Okay, then I’m putting this one away, that way it’ll hopefully be saved from any sneaky eaters and the chocolate won’t melt, because that would be a shame.” She puts the plate into the fridge, passing me, but on her way back, she stops behind me and my whole body immediately reacts, becoming hyper aware of where she is.

Her touch on my shoulder is soft, careful, sliding her fingers over my arm down to my hand. “You know…” Her low voice burns me up inside. “I’ve been wanting to touch you all evening. That shirt looks so soft.” Then I feel her step even closer, her body against mine, her voice dropping lower and I think I feel her breath on my neck. “And you look amazing in it. It fits you so well, so sexy.”

“Dani…” My hand shakes and I drop the chocolate I was holding onto the plate. When her fingers reach mine, I intertwine them on impulse.

“Yeah?” Her whisper brings goosebumps all over my body.

I put the box with chocolates from my other hand down and carefully lean back into her, her warmth, her soft body. She’s so hard to resist, and I don’t want to, not really.

Dani’s arm slides around my waist and I cover it with mine, holding her in place. I feel her breath on my neck, her hair trailing over my shoulders, her breasts pressing against my back. My body is on fire with my need for her to touch me more, my brain going to a mush.

“You smell good, like chocolates,” she murmurs the words, her lips so close to my skin they touch me like the wings of a butterfly.

I let out a breathy laugh. “I’ve been melting that stuff all afternoon. I’m not surprised.” I don’t want her to let me go. Please, don’t.

“Hmmm. I guess we’ll need to do this more often then. So you’ll always smell like chocolates, it suits you.” Her fingers tighten in mine and as I feel her lips against the back of my neck, finally touching me for real, the first time she’s kissing me, I hear the others come back into the garden.

No. Please, no.

We’re not standing near a window, so they can’t see us. But I know that we can’t keep doing this, we have to pull apart before they see us, before they find out what’s going on.

My heart sinks, a heavy feeling in my stomach, and I step away from Dani. She lets me go reluctantly, her touch lingering on me as long as she can. My body going cold where it was warm before.

“Right.” I hear Dani take a deep breath, her voice stronger. “Right.”

When I look at her sideways, I just want to take her in my arms. She still looks flushed, her cheeks a cute shade of red, her eyes dark and filled with an emotion I don’t want to name, slowly going back to normal.

She nods, her hands moving restlessly. “We should… I should…” She nods again. “I’ll bring the drinks to the table.” She swallows hard before she grabs the glasses filled with limoncello and they clang together loudly. With a start, she puts them all down, then grabbing two at a time, one in each hand.

Dani leaves the kitchen, leaving me behind all on my own.

I put my hand over my heart, trying to calm it down. I hadn’t expected this, and if the others hadn’t come back, much more could have happened… I reach up further, putting my hand on the back of my neck, where she kissed me.

She kissed me.

Dani kissed me!

And with the way things were going, we could have done more. And I wanted it. I wanted all of it.

Tears well up in my eyes, tears of frustration. I shouldn’t be doing this. I really shouldn’t be doing this.

But here I am.

Pining after the mother of one of the kids from my class. Pining after someone I shouldn’t be pining after.

But I want her. I want her hands on me again. I want her lips on me again.

I want Dani.





Chapter 9


Dani

I need to stop stepping so close to the line of what I’m allowed to do… I really need to stop…

Letting out a deep breath, I step into the conservatory and put on the biggest smile I can manage. “Kim is finishing up the desserts, they look really really good.” I put the glasses down on the table, the shaking of my hands finally subsiding. “Not that she let me taste any.” I wink.

Kara grins my way. “Well, it’ll be spectacular, I know that. I know that she can make some delicious things.” She pets Tys and then Max, her hand on his fur so easy, just giving him scratches and he loves it. Silly creature. “It was getting a little too chilly to go for a long walk. With the warm weather from the last week, it’s easy to forget that it’s still pretty early in the year.”

I flash her a smile too. “Yeah. No matter how nice it is during the day, it can definitely get cold during the evenings. I keep forgetting about that too, I keep having to cover some of the new plants when it drops near zero at night. Anyway, let me grab the rest of the glasses.” I turn around and Josie follows me.

“I’ll help. Can’t let you two do all of that on your own, you know. Especially since you’ll also have to clean up everything. Let me be a good guest.” She follows me closely, letting out a comfortable stream of words.

We walk back into the kitchen and I can’t find Kim anywhere as I look around, until I spot that the light in the downstairs bathroom is on. Ah. “If you could grab the rest of the glasses, I’ll help Kim with the plates.” I point Josie towards the rest of the glasses with limoncello, but she doesn’t move, instead looking at me, her eyes serious.

“Is everything okay? You looked a little rattled, just now.”

I try to give her my best smile. “I’m good, just tired. It’s been a long week.”

“Oh.” Her eyes grow. “Of course. You’ve just moved here and all. Just say the word if you want us gone. I don’t want to keep you up too long.”

I shake my head, really smiling now. “No. It’s okay. It’s just been a long week. I’m fine. I like having everyone here, feels like it brings warmth to the place.”

“Okay.” She nods and takes the last glasses, taking a peek at the plates. “Oh, that looks really good. Tell Kim that I’m looking forward to it.” And then she leaves the kitchen again, just as I can hear Kim move around in the bathroom.

Part of me wants to get out of here, step out of the kitchen, not face her, but another part of me wants to stay here and hold her. I can’t really decide what to do and, before I make a choice, she opens the door and looks straight at me, her eyes widening a little, her cheeks pinking, before she averts her eyes. They’re a little watery and the way she moves her lip, it reminds me of when Rose is upset. Oh, no.

“Kim…” I want to reach out to her, but keep my hands on the counter behind me. I can’t do it, not now, it’ll just upset her more. “I’m sorry.”

She comes over, shaking her head. “Don’t mention it. We’ve got a dinner to finish up.” She takes three of the plates, and I take the other three. “I’m okay. I really am. Don’t worry about me.” And with that, she’s out of the kitchen, walking to the conservatory.

Not to worry about her? Of course I worry. I worry because I made her look like that with my impulsiveness. It’s not like my actions don’t have consequences… If I mess this up, I’ll still have to see Kim every day when when I drop Rose off at school or when I pick her up. And Rose too… She’ll know something is wrong too, and she’ll have to face it too.

Why did I do that? Why did I have to touch her like that? Kiss her? I knew that I shouldn’t have, but when I saw her on her own, standing there, looking so delicious, I couldn’t help myself. And I’m pretty sure that Kim isn’t averse to it either, especially not with the way she looked at me earlier. But that doesn’t mean that it’s right.

And now I messed it up again…

* * *

When the desserts are gone, we all hang around for a while longer, until we really can’t stretch this any more. It’s already past midnight and I know that we’re probably all tired, tired and definitely tipsy.

Lin is the first one to stand up. “I think it’s time for me to go. My bed is calling me and I’m fairly sure that Dani doesn’t have enough space for us to all crash here tonight.”

“I can probably find a way.” I grin, winking. “But seeing as your place is across the road, I’m pretty sure that you can manage your way home.”

She grins my way and nods. “Yeah. Plus, after this busy evening, I don’t think that you need five extra mouths to feed in the morning.”

Kara stands up too. “That’s my cue.” She wraps an arm around Lin. “Let’s grab our things. They should be significantly lighter by now.” She grins, looking my way. “Thank you for everything. This is a beautiful place, and this conservatory is definitely a great addition to it. We may have to do this more. Though, not too often, I don’t think my scales will appreciate that.”

All the dogs start wandering around our feet, excited that people are moving, though I can definitely see that even they’re getting to the end of their day.

Josie taps Sanne on her arm. “I think that we should leave too. Still got a couple of things to drag back home.”

“You can pick those up tomorrow too. It’s not like they’re in the way.” I also get up, stacking up some empty plates.

“If that’s okay? It would mean the world to me.” Josie yawns. “We’ll just pick it up after our walk with Bente tomorrow morning.”

“Yeah, that’s fine. It’s not like I’ve got much planned, just a weekend in the garden. Make use of the good weather.”

Next to me, Kim also starts stacking some of the plates. I reach out to her, but then pull my hand back.

“You don’t have to do that, really.”

“It’s okay. I want to help.” I don’t know how to read her voice, but then, she looks at me, smiling faintly. “I don’t want to imagine leaving you with all of this mess.”

“I’ve got a dishwasher, you know.” I smile back.

“Still a lot of packing and unpacking to do.” She picks up a few things and walks into the house. No convincing her of anything else, I guess.

“Okay. Grabbing our things and when we’re out.” Lin follows Kim into the kitchen and I crowd everyone into the hallway, everyone but Max, who I lock in the conservatory, I don’t want him to slip out.

Kara is standing at the front door, smiling, though her eyes are a little serious too. “I loved the evening. I hope we can do this more often, if everyone agrees, you know?” She glances towards the kitchen, and even though there are a lot of people in there who she could be referring to, I know there is one person in particular she’s worried about.

“I do hope so. I enjoyed it too, it was great having you all here.” I open the front door, letting Kara and Tys out first. “And Tys is very well behaved, he’s always welcome here.”

“Good.” Kara now really smiles. “He seems to get along with Max well and Rose seems to love him too. I think we can definitely have all the dogs hang out sometimes, and, you know, the owners too.”

“I think we’d all love that.” I grin. Max does love to play, and while he’s not the biggest dog around, he’s also not very small, which sometimes makes people uncomfortable. But Tys and Bente seem to be just right for him to play with and just as energetic.

Then Lin steps past me, carrying a box again. “It was amazing. Thanks for having us over.”

“Happy to have you.” I wave after them as they cross the street, going to Lin’s place.

Then Josie and Sanne are in front of me, with Bente.

“Thanks for coming and bringing such amazing food.”

“No, thank you for the invitation.” Sanne’s eyes are shining, though I’m not sure if that’s from the excitement or just from the alcohol she’s had. “This definitely makes me rethink where I live.”

Josie lets out a laugh. “Yeah, while I’d love to move here, I don’t think they’d need a whole vet clinic here full time.” She wraps her arm around her girlfriend. “But that studio in the back definitely looked inviting. Are you going to rent that out?”

I shrug. “That’s the plan, just haven’t set it up yet. Where are you staying tonight?”

“Oh, we’re in Kara’s place.” Josie holds up a set of keys. “We’ve got the place to ourselves for the night.” She flashes Sanne a big grin, and Sanne colours a little more. Cute.

“Well, have a good night. Let me know when you want to pick up the cart.” I nod at them, and as they walk away, I close the door behind them.

Suddenly, the house is quiet. Quiet, apart from the sounds of Kim moving around in the kitchen and I let out a long breath. Right…

I go over to the kitchen and lean in the doorway, looking at Kim. She really knows how to dress well, what looks best on her, and I’m surprised that nobody has snapped her up yet. But then, she said something about there not being a lot of people from around our age on the island and that she wasn’t really looking for summer flings anymore. Somewhere, I wonder if she’s scared of something, if she’s been hurt, or if she really doesn’t see how people look her way. Maybe she just doesn’t realise how people are attracted to her…

I step further into the kitchen, grabbing a couple of plates she’s already taken from the dishwasher and I start to put them onto their shelves. We work like that for a while, quietly, next to each other. It feels so good, so comfortable, familiar.

When everything is either put away or in the dishwasher and the kitchen has returned to some state of normalcy, I lean back against the counter, eyeing Kim. “Well, at least this evening forced me to unpack a couple more boxes I’d been avoiding opening until now. It was a great first run of the kitchen.” I try to keep my voice light, but something still changes in Kim’s eyes, something darker, fearful.

“Dani…” She glances up at me and then her eyes dart away, towards the hallway, towards the hallway and the stairs to the next floor, where Rose is sleeping.

“Would you like something to drink, a glass of water, coffee, tea?” I turn to the tap, grabbing myself a glass of water to clear my head a little. We’re getting to dangerous territory here. When it’s just the two of us in a room… things happen.

“Do you have tea without caffeine? I’d like something warm, but I don’t think I should have caffeine right now. It’s a little late.” Her voice is so soft.

“I’ve got a herbal tea with star anise and liquorice.”

“Sounds good.”

“Coming right up.” I finish the glass of water and fill the electric kettle with enough water for two mugs of tea. Then I grab two mugs and teabags. I’m constantly aware that Kim is still behind me, I don’t know if she’s looking at me, but I’m aware that she’s there. I pour the hot water into the mugs and then grab them both. “Let’s go sit somewhere a bit more comfortable.” I walk over to the living room, turning on some of the lights near the couch, not wanting the bright lights from overhead.

I put the mugs on a table in front of the couch and sit down on the couch, leaning back. After a couple of moments, Kim closes the door to the hallway behind her and joins me on the couch. As she sits down, she folds her hands in her lap, her eyes on them, not looking my way the whole time.

We sit in silence like that for a while, until I reach out and take the tea bags out, putting them in a small bowl on the table. Max has followed us here and has made himself comfortable against the radiator a little while off. That guy definitely likes his warm spots.

“Dani…” Kim’s voice startles me and I look at her.

“Yeah?” I lean back, wanting to reach out to her so badly, but the look in her eyes tells me that that would be a bad idea right now.

I can’t act like a teenager, the situation we’re in is not the situation of teenagers, it’s the situation of adults, of a parent, and I need to act like one.

Not that that’s ever been my best quality…





Chapter 10


Kim

The living room is warm and cosy. It’s pretty sparse at the moment, a couch, a low table, a TV and a lot of boxes with ‘books’ written on them, almost all of them open but not unpacked. It seems that Dani is still getting this room in order. But none of that matters because of the way she makes me feel, because of the way my heart is racing just from sitting here next to her, from being this close.

“What happened today…” It shouldn’t have happened. I shouldn’t want for it to happen more often. “It…” I glance her way.

“Right.” Dani now looks at her hands, all her spark gone, her hands moving over each other nervously. She’s always moving somehow, never sitting still.

I open my mouth to say more, but I don’t know the right words, I don’t know what I should say, what I want to say. So I close it again, letting out a deep breath.

“I’m sorry, again.” Her voice is low, but not in the way that makes my body spark and burn, but in the way that makes my heart ache and my stomach heavy. “I keep apologising to you for things I do…” She lets out a long sigh, then a short harsh laugh, no humour in it. “I keep doing things I have to apologise for. I guess I’m just too… Too juvenile sometimes.”

My hand shoots out to her, but I quickly pull it back, that’s not going to help. “No. It’s not… You’re…” I don’t want her to apologise to me. “I just think… Things are just…”

“Complicated,” she finishes my sentence and I nod. “I know they are. And I know that I…” She shakes her head, her red curls bobbing around her face. “I…” She looks so sad.

I reach out to the mug with tea, wrapping my hands around it, anything to stop me from reaching out to her again. We keep doing this, this reaching out and then pulling back. Two steps forward, two steps back, but every time it happens, it feels worse, it feels more like three steps back.

I blow onto my tea, thinking. “You’ve got an amazing life in front of you. An amazing life with Rose, with your flowers and garden, with the rest of your career.” And I’m just someone who’s so set in her ways that I don’t even dream big anymore. Even ignoring the fact that she’s the mother of one of the kids in my class, there is this huge difference between us where she’s following her dreams, going places and I’m simply stuck here. But she doesn’t need to know that, she doesn’t need to find out how incompatible we are, we just have to forget about all this.

“So do you.” Why does she sound so surprised by my words? “You’ve got the kids in your class who love you, you’re great with them. What I’ve seen and heard, you’re an amazing teacher and just all-around person. You could do anything with your life, if you wanted it.”

“Like what?” My voice comes out harsher than I mean it to, I’m scared. Scared by her words, by what they could mean.

“What do you want? What has been the one thing you’ve always wanted to do with your life? Or even now, what do you want in your life?”

“Teach, I want to teach. I’ve always wanted to teach the first couple of years of primary school.” It’s what I love, but it doesn’t feel like it’s ‘enough’.

Dani lets out a short laugh, brighter this time. “Then you’re right where you’re supposed to be, aren’t you? Teaching here? Unless you don’t want to be teaching at this school, on the island?”

“No. I totally want to teach here. I love it here on the island.” I shake my head, putting the mug down, too scared I’ll spill it as my hands start shaking. “But look at you. Look at Kara. Look at Josie or Sanne. You’ve all got these big accomplishments in life. Look at my siblings, they’re teaching at university and they’ve left this stuffy island behind. You’re all going places… And me…”

“Are we? Going places? I’m pretty sure that both Kara and me moved to this ‘stuffy’ island because we dreamed of living here. And Kara is teaching at the exact same school you’re teaching at. Why is it fulfilling a dream when she does it, but not when you do it?” Her eyes on me are steady, intense. It’s like she’s not looking at me, but looking right through all the things I keep saying.

“It just isn’t the same.” I stand up. “I think I’m going home.” I can’t explain it to her. I can’t explain that I’m stuck here. I’m just a primary school teacher, it’s all I’ve ever wanted. But I know that I should want more, I should want more from life.

I should want more, just like they did, just like they’ve done. But I’m not good enough, I don’t dream big enough and I’m too chicken to even try.

I’m stuck. I’m stuck here, on this island, in this job, in who I think I am.

As I’m about to walk off, Dani grabs my wrist, stopping me, there is a passion in her eyes, but also a pain. “I think that teaching at a school in a place you love is an amazing feat. I think that you’re amazing for following your dream. It only makes it more amazing that you did it while the rest of us were still figuring things out.”

I want to believe her, but I know that it’s not true. I’m just stuck here. I stood still, stuck, while everyone else moved on and dreamed and went places. Everyone but me. “See you on Monday. Thanks for the evening.” I walk out of the living room, quickly grabbing my coat from the conservatory and the now much lighter box from the kitchen and I leave the house. No, I flee from it, tears in my eyes, my heart racing and breaking at the same time.

I can’t do this, I shouldn’t do this, this isn’t right.

Nothing is right anymore.

* * *

When I reach my house, I can’t sleep. Everything that happened last night keeps rushing through my head. The things the others were talking about, the feeling of being left out of their excited chatter, their dreams, their wishes. All these things that I don’t know what to do with.

I don’t have any of those things, no dreams, no wishes. I just have what I have here, what I’ve had for years. Always the same things, always the same things to teach, the same places to visit, the same people to see, never anything different. I reached this place in my life years ago and then I got stuck, not moving anymore.

Everyone always wants the best for their kids, and I saw how excited my parents were when my siblings went to university, and how disappointed they were when I didn’t but instead went into teaching at primary school. How disappointed they were when I came back to the island instead of ‘spreading my wings and explore the big world’ and ‘doing something important with my life’, their words, not mine.

I don’t know what’s wrong with coming back to the island, I grew up here, I was born here. My parents moved here, both scientists who did research on nature or something, and then they decided to have their family here, to raise us here. And I know that they wanted us to go places, but I never wanted to be from here, I’ve always wanted to stay on the island. The island is beautiful, filled with history and an amazing place to live. I love going to the beach, or the mudflats, or the forests, explore the island, even though I know every part of it by heart. What’s so wrong with that?

It’s not dreaming big. That’s what’s wrong with it. It’s not dreaming big, like they did or my siblings have done. It’s just returning to the place that was safe and comfortable, not leaving my comfort zone, that’s what’s wrong.

Sighing deep, I get ready for bed, but I’m not sure if I’ll even fall asleep. Everything ghosting through my head, again and again, going back to the same thoughts.

Then, as I take my sweater off, things change in my head. Dani loved my sweater, she said that she’d wanted to touch it, and then she held me. Her warm body wrapped around mine, her form pressed against me, her hand on mine. I loved feeling her against me, the way her lips moved so close to my skin as she spoke, or the way she pressed them to my neck, kissing me. Giving promises of so much more.

I feel the heat rise in my body, starting at my core and spreading out until it fills every last part of me.

Of course, I’ve had sexual experiences with people before, summer flings are a regular part of growing up on the island, but I’ve not wanted someone like I want her in a long time. Her bright eyes make my heart race, her red hair make me want to reach out and touch it, her voice… Her voice sends shivers through my body, putting it on high alert, electrify me.

I let out a short gasp as I fall back on my bed, my hands roaming over my body, over my lacy thong and my bra. I even put on my nicest bra, trying to impress her, dressing up for her, even though I knew nothing should have happened.

My hand slides lower, under the fabric of the thong, going to the place where everything is so hot.

If we hadn’t been interrupted… Would Dani have touched me there too?

Would she? Would I have wanted her to?

* * *

I’m not looking forward to going to school today. I normally don’t mind Monday mornings, but today I’m dreading it. Not the Monday part, or the morning part, but the part where I’ll have to see Dani when she drops Rose off. I’ll have to face Dani again…

The rain is pouring down and when I reach the front door of the school I see that I’m the first one here. It’s not uncommon for that to happen, I’m usually one of the first, but today it feels so empty. I unlock the front door and immediately drop my jacket off in the teacher’s lounge, hanging it so it can hopefully dry before I need to use it again.

After putting my jacket away, I go to the class room, opening the door and arranging the chairs in a circle the way I want them to, switching things up a little, mixing the kids up so they’re not always sitting next to the same people. Then I hang the tasks for the week on the board so the kids can choose what to do and I look over the room, trying to figure out if I need to do more before the kids come in, but luckily I set most tasks up before I left on Friday.

I go over to my desk and check the schedule on the computer, my eyes scanning over the same tasks and projects I do every year. The same ways that I teach the kids about flowers and plants and spring. Today, we’re also talking about lambs and sheep and other baby animals before they split up to do their own tasks, the same things I do every year.

A notification on my monitor tells me that it’s about time for the first kids to arrive at the school and I stand up. I guess I should go greet them at the door, since I’m pretty sure that they’re not going to want to play outside in this weather. The raining has only gotten worse in the last couple of minutes…

I walk back to the front of the school, opening the door and locking it in place so it stays open, just in time to see the first kids run onto the school grounds, some of them with their parents and some of them on their own.

“Morning,” I greet them. “Please don’t run in the hallways. It’s going to get slippery from the rain.” I high five some of the kids I had a couple of years ago, they’re now in their final years and usually come to school by themselves. “No running.” I tell one of the girls dashing into the school and she stares straight back at me, defiant. “No running. I’m warning you. Or you can spend the morning out in the hallway.”

“You’re not my teacher.” She puts her hands on her hips.

“Nope, I’m not. But I can talk to Mr Rik and he’ll tell you the same thing.”

She lets out a deep sigh and then walks the rest of the way to her class room normally.

The kids are all tracking rain and mud into the hallway, the mat that normally prevents the dirt from spreading too far into the school is getting wetter and wetter and I’m starting to suspect that it’s only making their shoes worse by the end of the mat… Great…

Then, as I look up, I catch a person holding an umbrella and with a black and white dog on a leash at the school gates and my heart starts beating louder. Dani is here. But I can only watch as Dani gives Rose a quick kiss and then stands up straight, looking at me through the rain. I can’t see her face, but my heart still hurts, she’s not coming in, she’s staying out there and I’m not sure if I’m glad or if I’m sad. Is she doing this because she doesn’t want to see me anymore? Did I ruin it?

“Morning, Miss Kim.” Rose grins up at me as she pulls the hood of her jacket back. “It’s really raining.”

“Yes, it definitely is.” I help her open her jacket. “How was your weekend?” No matter how I feel about her mother, I still need to be a good teacher to Rose.

“Really fun! And thank you for the dessert, it was really really good.” Her eyes are shining and she’s looking around for her other classmates.

“Good. Now, no running in the hallways. Put your jacket on the hook and your shoes near the door, okay? We don’t want the classroom as wet.”

Rose nods, darting off, totally oblivious to the ‘no running’ part of my message. I let out a short laugh, it’s always the hardest to keep the youngest ones from doing it. Then more kids come in and I have to repeat my “No running in the hallways” message about once for every one coming in, sometimes more than that.

At least it keeps me busy, it keeps me from thinking about things I shouldn’t be thinking about…

Things I should put from my mind.





Chapter 11


Dani

After we had a great weekend with a lot of sunshine, the rain is pouring down today and the weather forecast said that it would get even worse before the end of the day. So much rain…

It’s not too bad for the new plants I put in, it’s just that I hope that this doesn’t keep going too long, or I’d be scared that the seeds and such could potentially rain away… Ahh, well, I guess that’s the danger of having my own garden.

I’m sitting in the conservatory, my laptop on my lap, the notes for my newest story in front of me so I can easily reference them. This isn’t the first book in this series, so I need to keep track of all sorts of details from all the other characters in the series too.

But all I want to do is curl up under a blanket and wallow. And the weather definitely isn’t helping in that regard. This is great wallowing weather. It invites to just stare out of the window and not do much else the whole day…

I stand up, stretching, and then walk over to the kitchen, trying to find something to do or to eat or drink, anything but working right now. But, since I can’t seem to find anything there, I move to the living room. There aren’t any shelves up here yet, so most of the stuff here is in boxes.

I can do shelves, right? I can do those by myself, I don’t need someone else to put those up. I grab one of the packets with the bookcases and open it, pulling out stretches of wood and putting them around me. Now, I just have to put them together and make this room a little more ‘livable’ too.

As I’m finishing up the third set of shelves, I get interrupted by a loud noise and realise that it’s my phone. The alarm tells me that it’s ten to twelve and that I need to pick Rose up from school. I hadn’t even realised how much time had passed, so I quickly get up and put on boots and a jacket.

Max wants to follow me, but I shake my head. “Not now, dude. Maybe later. It’s raining, you don’t even want to be out in this weather, I know you well enough for that. I’ll be right back.” I open my umbrella before I pull the door closed behind me. On the other side of the street, I catch Lin staring out onto the street, looking at the pouring rain too, and raise my hand at her. She grins back as she waves at me, then pulling a face as she points up. Yeah, rain… I’d realised that this morning, and it doesn’t make my mood any better.

I make my way over to the school. This morning, I had Max with me, so I couldn’t get onto the school grounds, but this time, I’m just on my own. This time I could potentially run into Kim…

I’ve been thinking about her all weekend, even as I was trying not to, even though I was trying to keep focused on the things I was doing like the planting and the seeds and all the other things that come with setting up a garden the way I want it. But that didn’t mean that my mind didn’t wander, often.

How am I supposed to act towards her? How am I supposed to respond to her? What should I say? Can we go back to just being a parent and a teacher or has what I did forever changed that? Is it too late?

When I reach the school, I’m obviously on the late side as a lot of parents are already leaving with their kids. What else is new?

As I reach the gate, the mother of one of the kids from Rose’s class comes over to me, her face serious. I realise it’s Lars’ mum, the boy Rose keeps hanging out with in the classroom. “You may want to go inside, I think Rose isn’t feeling too well. She looked a little under the weather…”

What?! No! I’m about to rush off, but then remember my manners. “Thanks for telling me.” I nod at her before I barge into the school, my heart beating so fast. What’s wrong with Rose? Why didn’t anyone call me?

I find Rose in the classroom, Kim at her side. Rose’s face is all flushed and she’s sitting on a pillow in the reading corner, leaning against the shelves. I kneel next to them. “Hey, baby girl, what’s wrong?” She definitely doesn’t look too good.

“I think she’s got a fever. She was a little listless during the morning break, but a lot of kids get like that when the weather is bad and they can’t play outside, but this only happened in the last couple of minutes as everyone was leaving.” Kim’s voice reaches me, but I just take Rose in my arms. As I feel her head, I know Kim is right, Rose is burning up. Oh, hell.

“What happened, baby girl?” I lift her up more.

“I’m tired.” Her voice is slow and she looks like she’s about to fall asleep. That definitely looks like a fever. Poor baby girl.

“Why didn’t you tell me this morning that you didn’t feel well?” I carry her to the hallway, to her jacket and shoes.

“I wasn’t feeling that bad.” Well, okay, that’s possible, but ‘not that bad’ isn’t the same as feeling well.

“Why didn’t you tell Miss Kim sooner?” I hope the fever isn’t too bad, I hope she can just sleep this off after I give her something, kids can be so fragile.

“It was almost lunch break.” Sometimes I wish she wasn’t so aware of others and would let me or another adult know when she wasn’t doing too well.

Kim hands me Rose’s shoes in a bag and then her backpack. But with my hands full of Rose, I can’t also hold the umbrella, and I don’t really want to put Rose down for her to walk home.

Before I can even say something, Kim speaks up herself. “I’ll be right back. Let me walk you home. I can’t let you get all drenched.” And she’s off to the back of the school.

I put Rose down on the floor, and while she’s standing by herself, the flush on her cheeks still makes me worry. “Let’s get you into your jacket, okay?” I help her put her jacket on and, by that time, Kim is back too. I take Rose back in my arms, carrying her more comfortably now, reminding me of the ways I used to carry her around when she wasn’t feeling well when she was still little. Her head is on my shoulder, her arms around my neck, and I hold her close to me.

“Mummy?”

“Yeah, baby?”

“I’m really warm and cold.” Her voice is soft against my shoulder. How poorly has she been feeling and how long has she been hiding it? If she’s feeling this tired already, she must not have been well this morning either…

“I know, baby. Let’s get you home and then I’ll get you something to make you feel better.”

Kim takes Rose’s shoes and bag and the umbrella and closes the door to the classroom, they were the last one there anyway. Then she looks at me. “Let’s go.”

I nod. “Yeah.”

Like this day could get any worse… First I didn’t get any work done because I was wallowing, and now Rose isn’t feeling well… Like things could get any worse…

* * *

I fold the blanket around Rose tightly. I gave her something that will bring the fever down and something to drink and then helped her change into her pjs. After that, I put her in her bed, since she’d already fallen asleep on my shoulder on our way home. I look back at her one last time from the doorway, she’s fast sleep, before I go down the stairs. I feel crap for not seeing it this morning, for not noticing that she wasn’t well, for letting her go to school like this…

Kim is sitting at the table in the kitchen, looking at me as I come down the stairs. “How is she?”

I shrug. “The fever isn’t too high, I checked. She looks worse than it is, probably exhaustion from trying to hide it.” I sit down too. “Thanks for helping out.” I don’t know how else I would have gotten Rose back home easily.

“Yeah, no problem. I’m sorry I didn’t recognise it sooner and called you.”

I shake my head. “She’s good at hiding that she’s not feeling well. As you’ve seen.” I check the time and it’s already twenty past twelve. “Do you want something to eat here or do you need to get back to the school?”

Kim also checks the clock, but then takes a deep breath. “I’ll have lunch here, if you’ll have me.”

I nod, grabbing bread from a cupboard and some things from the fridge. I don’t really know what else to do, what to say, what to ask…

“How are you doing? Apart from Rose not feeling well…” Kim’s question stops me in my tracks.

“I’m okay.” I put everything on the table and then grab us some plates and cutlery, before sitting down. “How are you? How was your weekend?”

“I’ve been fine. I spent most of the weekend with my parents. We got the garden ready for the summer and cleaned some of the outside of the house.” She starts making a sandwich, not meeting my eyes. This is awkward, us sitting here.

“Yeah, it was great weather to be outside…” I make my own sandwich and stare out the kitchen window, through the conservatory to the garden. It was this weekend, not so much anymore.

We eat out lunch in silence, until Kim stands up with a jolt. “I need to get going again.”

I eye the clock, it’s ten to one already. Wow, I hadn’t even realised it. “Okay.”

“I’ll write her down as absent for the afternoon. Thank you for the lunch.” Kim is putting on her jacket.

“Thank you for helping me with Rose.” I also stand up, but I don’t really know what to do, I keep moving my hands in front of me, nervous. There have been so many things going through my head these last days, so many things I want to tell her, so many things I’ve been wanting to ask her, but now that she’s here… I don’t know how to talk to her. We go to the front door, and I let her out. “Really, thank you for helping out.”

“I was happy to.” Kim finally meets my eyes, softly smiling. “Couldn’t let you both get ill.”

“Yeah, that would have been bad.” I nod, smiling back a little. “Have a good afternoon and good luck with the class.”

“You too. And please tell Rose that I hope she feels better soon.” She opens her umbrella and walks off towards the school.

I look after her for a while. All weekend, I’ve been thinking about the ways that I can maybe make things work for us, the ways that I can still have her. But now… now I realise that it’s not possible. We can’t.

Kim is Rose’s teacher, I’m Rose’s mum, we really shouldn’t do this. It’s not right. Maybe we can do this at some point in the future, but definitely not now, not now Rose is still in her class.

I finally close the door, Kim disappeared behind some buildings a good while ago, and I go back to the kitchen. There, I clean off the table and sit down at it again, my head on my crossed arms. I wish this was so much easier, I wish that the first time I’ve really wanted someone again, she wouldn’t be off limits…

My phone beeps and I look up, expecting it to be a message from one of my author friends, but it’s a message from Mum. ‘How are your plants holding up in this rain?’

I smile a little as I message her back. ‘I think they’ll survive, and if not, it’s a learning experience.’

‘That it definitely will be. I was wondering if it was okay if your dad and me drop by later this week? The weather isn’t very good, but we’re not letting that stop us.’

I pull a face, yeah… Hmmm. ‘Rose isn’t feeling well, she’s running a fever. I’m not sure if it’s a good idea. Don’t want you to catch whatever she’s got.’

‘Oh, so sorry to hear that. How are you doing?’

‘I’m good. But Rose was too this morning, as far as she’ll tell, so that could change.’

‘You know what, we’re coming anyway. That way, if things get worse for her, or you, at least there’ll be someone to care for you two.’ Typically Mum…

‘Fine.’ I smile more. ‘Just know what you’ve signed up for.’

‘Oh, I’m aware.’ I can imagine the way she’s smiling, the soft look in her eyes, that look of love. ‘I’ve done all of this before, you know?’

I nod. Yeah, with me. But just the idea that Mum and Dad are coming over eases something inside me, makes me feel calmer. At least I’m no longer on my own, I don’t have to do this all by myself. For the last years, they’ve always been there when I needed them, and I knew that if we moved here, they wouldn’t be around as much, I would have to do everything on my own. I thought I could do it, but maybe I’m not as good at being an independent adult as I originally thought.

Maybe I need more help than I thought… Maybe I’m still not ready to be on my own.

And just like that, Kim pops up in my head, a warm feeling in my chest at the idea of her helping out here… Like she helped us today…

I let out a groan, shaking my head. Nope. Not a good idea. Not a good idea at all.





Chapter 12


Kim

After I helped Dani and Rose home, and I had lunch at their place, I feel like Dani is keeping me at a distance. I feel like she’s keeping me away, not getting close at all, like nothing ever happened between us. Rose stayed at home for two days after she fell ill and after she came back to school, Dani had changed. We’ve barely spoken, apart from the bare necessities, but nothing more. A friendly greeting, an update on her progress, that was all, so different from before. It’s been two weeks since the party at Dani’s place, two weeks since the evening that we crossed the line between parent and teacher and into something else. Two weeks.

At first, Dani’s distance made sense, it made sense that she’d stay away a little, trying to sort through things herself and she looked so busy with her work, but as it keeps going on longer, it’s getting harder to deal with. It’s getting harder to stay away from her even when she puts more distance between us.

Someone knocks on the door of the classroom, and when I look up with a jolt, it’s Kara, staring at me with a raised eyebrow. It’s Friday afternoon, I’m done with my week, and I’m still sitting at my desk, not doing much else but staring into nothing. Kara steps inside, pulling the chair I sit on in the morning circle with her, and she sits down next to the desk. “What’s going on?”

I shake my head, sighing. “I don’t know. I guess the bad weather after the really nice weather we had before is getting to me.” I sit up straighter, leaning back in my chair, trying to look normal.

“I don’t think that’s it.” Kara shakes her head. “Though, it may be part of the reason, it’s not the cause.”

I shrug. “I don’t know what else to tell you.”

“If I didn’t know anything about you, I’d say you’re lovesick.” She raises her eyebrow again, giving me that glare that tells me to spill whatever is going on.

“Lovesick?” I feel my cheeks heat up, not expecting her to say that, taken a little off guard.

“Yep.” Kara stands up, going over to the door and closing it, before coming back over. “What’s going on?”

“Nothing.” But I know that my previous reaction is hard to hide, I responded too much already.

“Nothing? Nothing is going on between Dani and you?”

“Dani?” My voice is almost a squeak as my cheeks now really flame up.

“Yes, Dani.”

“There is nothing going on between Dani and me. Why would you think that?” I look away from Kara, out the window, at the pouring rain, my heart pounding.

Kara lets out a short laugh. “Why would I think that? I don’t know, why would I?”

“I don’t know.” I try to keep my voice steady, but I’m not so sure it works.

“Nothing to do with the way you look at her, or the way she looks at you. Nothing to do with the strange chemistry between you two at the party. Nothing to do with any of that. Right?” Kara sounds almost smug.

“Nothing, indeed. Because there can’t be anything. There can’t be.” I stand up, avoiding Kara’s eyes. “I should go home.”

Kara grabs my arm as I walk past her, the way she touches me totally different from how Dani did before… “Why can’t it?”

I turn to her, anger flaring in my chest, but when I meet her eyes, they’re just sad. “Because she’s the mother of one of the kids I’m teaching. That’s why.”

Kara shrugs, like she doesn’t see the problem. “It’s not like you’re dating one of the kids, and Rose won’t be in your class for much longer anyway.” She lets me go, but won’t stop looking at me.

“It’s not right. I don’t want to talk about this anymore.” I grab my bag, opening the door to the hallway. “I’m going home. Are you coming or are you closing this room yourself?”

Kara stands up, her gaze still on me, her eyes so strong and sad. “She really likes you, you know?”

“Well, we both know it’s not a good idea. And she’s got a strange way of showing she likes me as she’s been staying away from me for over a week. So there really isn’t much to talk about.” I lock the door behind us. “There really isn’t. Because there is nothing going on.”

Kara lets out a deep breath. “It’s just… It doesn’t happen often, you know? That feeling? You shouldn’t ignore it.”

“I don’t care. I don’t.” My voice almost breaks, my head too full and I feel tears sting my eyes. I walk towards the teacher’s lounge, grabbing my jacket.

I don’t care. I shouldn’t care. I really shouldn’t.

Because I can’t. We can’t do this.

* * *

On Saturday afternoon, the rain has cleared up for what seems like the first time in almost two weeks, the sky a beautiful bright blue, and I’m ready to be out of the house. Really ready to get out of here.

I put on a pair of sturdy boots and my warm jacket and then start the trail to the beach. The trail passes through a lot of forest-y areas and I love the clean feeling it gives. The clean air, the bright way the birds sing, the wind rustling through the trees, it all lifts my mood immediately.

I step off the path onto the road which is the final stretch to the beach, the final stretch through the dunes, and suddenly I hear a lively children’s voice.

“Miss Kim!” Quick footsteps and then Rose is walking next to me. “Hello.” She grins at me.

Great, of all the people, of all the kids I could run into… But I still smile at her, she can’t help this weird thing between her mum and me. “Hey, Rose. Are you going for a walk too?”

She nods, her eyes shining. “I’m going to the beach with grandma and grandpa and Max.”

What?! I turn around, and behind me I see two older people, a woman with a red sheen to her greying hair and a man whose hair has turned totally white, they’re walking with Max. Dani’s parents? Great… We wait until they’ve caught up with us. “Hello.” I smile at them as best as possible. “It’s so nice to meet you. I’m Rose’s teacher.”

The woman smiles broadly and I see that she’s got the same green eyes her daughter has. “Hi. I’m Rose’s grandmother, and this here is her grandfather.” The man also smiles at me. I can see why Dani is such a bright person, these two look like they’ve done nothing but smile their whole lives.

I pet Max, giving him a quick hug. “Are you on the island for the weekend?”

“Yeah. We like to visit our daughter and granddaughter as often as we can.” Dani’s father nods. “The island is so beautiful. And with Dani having a place for us to sleep, it’s a great excuse to do it as often as possible.”

“I can imagine.” I smile at him too.

“Will you come walk with us too? Tell about the island?” Rose pulls on my sleeve for a moment, her eyes shining.

“Rose…” Her grandmother lets out a breath as she smiles, then she looks at me. “You don’t have to, if you don’t want to.”

“But she knows all about the island. Everything!” Rose spreads her arms wide, like she’s encompassing all my knowledge as best as she can.

“You do?” Dani’s father looks my way, a glimmer in his eyes that I know so well from the other two, curiosity.

I shrug a little. “I grew up here. So… Kind of.” I let out a short laugh.

“Oh, you’re very lucky. This is a beautiful place. I’m so happy Dani moved here with Rose, I think this is a great place to raise kids. They’ve got all the places in the world to play and explore.” He looks around. “If you don’t have somewhere else to be… We’d love it if you could join us. Tell us more about the island and everything. I’d love to know more.”

“Sure.” I nod. I can’t help it. I see so much of Dani and Rose in these people, and those two have been hard to resist too. I see where they get their curiosity, this need and want to learn about the world. “Well, if we follow the road up, I’ll share what I know. It may not be ‘official’ knowledge about the island, but it’s what someone who’s lived here most of their life knows.”

* * *

After more than three hours of walking the beach, we returned to the little town, walking down the road to Dani’s house. As we reach it, Dani is sitting in the doorway, a laptop on her lap, a bottle of water next to her. She grins as she sees Rose and her parents, but I can see a little change in her eyes when she catches sight of me. “Hey.” Her voice isn’t as carefree as she’s trying to make it sound.

“Hey.” I nod at her. “Working?”

She nods back, putting the laptop aside as she stands up.

Her mother smiles my way. “We ran into this lovely creature on our way to the beach. She’s told us so much about the island. It was great. Too bad you couldn’t come with us, you would have loved it.”

Dani shrugs, her eyes darting to my face a moment. “I had to get some work done. But I bet it was interesting.” I can see the tension in her eyes, her nerves.

“I was going to make some tea.” Dani’s mother looks my way. “Would you like some too?”

I shake my head, smiling at her. “No, thank you. I think I should head home.”

“Ah, that’s too bad.” Dani’s father shrugs a little. “Well, it was really nice to get to know you. I’d love to hear more about the island some day, if possible.”

“I’ll see about making that happen. Maybe you can teach me something about the sea and fishing, then.” He was so curious, constantly asking questions, and he had no problem listening to me ramble on about all the things I’ve found or done on the island over in the time I’ve lived here or the silly things we got up to as kids. “It was really nice to meet you two.”

“You too.” Dani’s mum smiles sweetly as she goes inside.

I wave at Rose as she follows them, asking for cookies with the tea, leaving me with Dani. I don’t know what to say, but I do realise that we’re in a very very awkward situation right now… I met Dani’s parents, and they’re really sweet people, but yeah, that hadn’t been planned. “Dani…”

She lets out a quick breath. “I guess it’s good that they like you. You know…” She shrugs, her eyes full of pain as they dart up to mine, before looking away again. “You being Rose’s teacher and all.” But her voice doesn’t sound right anymore, that wasn’t what she wanted to say.

“Hmmm, hmm.” I nod, but I know that there is more going on in her head. “They told me about how hard you worked to make this happen, moving here. I hadn’t realised…” I hadn’t realised how hard her life has been. Talk about our lives being worlds apart, us being incompatible… I’ve had it so much easier, my life was so easy. I’ve barely had any struggles at all, not when you compare it with Dani’s life.

“Kim.” She shakes her head quickly, her eyes on the ground and it’s almost like she’s trying to hide her face behind her hair. “Don’t…” The word is almost a sob.

“Don’t, what?” What did I say?

“Don’t compare. Don’t do it.” She looks up and her eyes are watery, she’s blinking fast.

“Why not? It’s true. Apart from who we are to…” I look into the house, but the door to the hallway is closed, so they can’t hear us anyway. “Our lives are worlds apart. There isn’t anything for us. There is no comparison. It’s impossible.”

She pulls her lower lip between her teeth, shaking her head, but she’s hiding her eyes again. “Don’t do that, please.”

I take a deep breath, shoving my hands in my pockets, anything to stop myself from reaching out and embrace her, take that pain away. “It’s the truth. We both know it.” It hurts. This hurts, but I know it’s the right thing to do. After talking to her parents, I know that she deserves someone who is bright and shining like she is, someone who follows their dreams, who dares to take chances. “I’m going home. I’ll see you next week at school.” I turn around, even though I want nothing more than to turn around when I hear her soft voice.

“Kim, please…” The words are little more than a cry, breaking my heart.

But I keep walking, swallowing hard, making sure I don’t start crying myself. We’re not the same. Even if she wasn’t the mother of one of the kids in my class, I wouldn’t be able to make her happy. We’re too different.

This thing between us, it wasn’t going anywhere anyway. It was never going to happen, so it’s better if we stop now. It’s better if we forget this ever happened. Better for both of us.

I should have done this from the start. I should have done this way back when we first met. I should never have let my guard down around her, I should have never let it get this far.

This wasn’t supposed to happen, and now it won’t. Not anymore. It’s over.





Chapter 13


Dani

Of all the people I didn’t expect to talk to today, Kim was definitely near the top of that list. I’ve been trying to put some distance between us ever since she helped me get home the day Rose wasn’t well. She’s Rose’s teacher and no matter how I feel about her, I can’t do this. I can’t mess everything up like that, I need to think of Rose first. I need to keep her on my mind first. She’s the most important person in my life, I can’t mess up her life. I can’t, it’s been bad enough. I can’t let her get hurt again, just because I made a choice I shouldn’t have made.

I couldn’t prevent the first time she was hurt, when my ex left us… I had no idea what was going on at the time and while I was hurting, I could have seen it coming, I should have seen it coming. We both wanted kids, but in the end, after everything was said and done, it was just me looking after Rose. I should have seen the signs, starting when she didn’t want to take equal care of Rose and ending when it was just me who changed their life to fit a small child into it. But I can prevent someone leaving us again, I can prevent Rose being hurt by someone leaving us again. Especially someone who she’d have to see every day, even if she’s no longer in Kim’s class, she’d still have to see her every day at school. I can’t do that to Rose, I can’t.

But when Kim talked about how different we were after the party, how she’s supposedly had an easy life… It hurt inside. I still remember the way she looked when we talked, the things she said. Pain like that… She’s had a much harder life than I’ve had, much much harder… But in a totally different way, and she won’t see it. She ignores that there are different ways of having a difficult life and while I’ve had my struggles, I’ve overcome them fairly easily, but she can’t see the way that she’s hurting inside herself, the pain she’s carrying around.

I sit down in the doorway again, pulling up my legs and wrapping my arms around them. I put my head on my knees, letting out a deep breath. There is no way she’ll believe me when I tell her that, when I tell her how her connection to the island is part of why I like her. Why her steadiness, her single focus, her ability to think something up and make it happen are all part of what I like about her.

She thinks that her living on the island, loving the island, and being so grounded here is a bad thing, but it’s part of her beauty. It’s part of what makes me want her. She’s like a beautiful mature apple tree, her roots deep, flowering every spring and carrying branches full of beautiful sweet red apples every fall. Steady, flourishing, something you can depend on, someone you can depend on.

I’m the opposite of her. No matter how much I pretend that I have control over my life, I’m not steady at all. My mind is easily distracted by new things, my ideas change every couple of months and I’ve never been grounded in the same place for a long time. When you’re in your teens or early twenties, that’s fun and part of why people like being around you, but when you’re in your thirties and you really feel like you should get your life together… Something like this… It’s not as much fun. It’s a curse.

Every day, I’m scared that I’m not steady enough of an influence for Rose, that I’m too flaky. Sure, she’s young now, and she loves that I come up with all sorts of things for us to do, but how will I manage making sure that she stays on track with her learning when she gets older? How will I manage that she gets her homework done? Keep track of appointments? I can barely manage it for myself, let alone try to do it for someone else too.

I’ve been fighting to keep my head above water for years and even though it looks like I’m fine, I’m almost drowning. I’d love for… I’d love…

No. I can’t go there. I swallow hard, quickly wiping my eyes, putting a brave face back on. I can’t keep depending on my parents to keep my life on the rails, but I also know that I can’t do this on my own.

No… I can. I could. I have to.

But I don’t want to. I don’t want to do this all on my own. I don’t want to have to keep struggling with who I am. I just want… I just want someone who accepts me and who doesn’t mind that I easily forget things, things like making dinner on time or where I last left Rose’s jacket. Things like that.

I just want someone to love and accept me…

* * *

We’re all sitting in the conservatory, the setting sun colouring it a beautiful orange colour. Dad made baked potato wedges from the oven with some baked fish and we’re all sitting around the table, digging in.

Mum looks my way, she’s been doing that since I came back into the house after Kim left. I know that she wants to say something, but I’ve made sure to never be alone with her, so she can’t say anything. This time, she speaks up anyway. “The teacher, Kim, she knows a lot about the island and the beach.”

I nod, not sure what she expects me to say.

Rose nods enthusiastically, though. “She told us all about the birds and the sea and the shells.” Then she pulls a face. “She even found a dead bird.”

Dad lets out a laugh, grinning with a twinkle in his eyes. “Max found the bird first, to be fair, but Kim could identify the bird just by the skull and the other bits that were left behind. It was impressive.”

“She grew up here. She’s probably seen hundreds of birds like it.” I smile a little. “But, yeah. She knows a lot, and she’s probably used to teaching people all about it. Her being a teacher at the school and all.” Her being Rose’s teacher… And that’s reality crashing right down on me again.

“Right.” Dad nods, looking at me strangely. “She said that you all went on a walk through town a few weeks back, and that you taught the kids about the flowers and plants?”

I nod, my heart still heavy. “Yeah. They did a spring walk, they needed some adults to supervise, so me and a couple of other parents helped out.”

“Oh.” I know that Mum wants to say more, but she doesn’t ask. While I love talking to people in general, things like this… Whole groups. It’s not something I do very often, helping out with these kinds of things… I already know what she wants to say, that it’s rare for me to do something like this, help out with the young kids… She doesn’t need to remind me.

Dad looks between us and then stands up. “Okay. I’m going to feed Max and then Rose and I are going to take him for another walk. I can’t ignore the beautiful weather.” He takes the leftovers from dinner with him and Max follows him closely as Rose does too, chatting with him excitedly, leaving me behind with Mum.

“What’s going on?” Her voice is low, but her eyes are serious.

“What are you talking about?” I try to shrug lightly, like I’ve not been acting strangely all afternoon.

“You know what I mean. What’s going on between you and Rose’s teacher, Kim?”

“Nothing.” I swallow hard, looking out to the garden, not wanting to meet her eyes. I don’t need her to tell me how I need to put her from my mind. I almost confessed to what was going on with Kim when they came by two weeks ago, almost. Luckily, between Rose not being well and me being on a deadline, I was able to keep my mouth shut, but there isn’t anything to distract us right now.

“Really?”

“Really.” I blink fast, not sure why my tears are so close to the surface, or why my voice sounds like this.

“That’s why you acted strangely around her when she was here? Because nothing is going on?” She doesn’t believe me, of course. “I saw the way you two looked at each other.”

I shake my head. “Nothing is going on. Can we drop this, please?”

“Is that what you want? That there is nothing going on between you two?”

I glance her way and quickly look out the window again. I don’t want to see the way she looks at me, the sadness in her eyes. “It’s the smart thing to do, the right thing.” I stand up, just as Dad and Rose come back with Max, Rose already in her jacket. “Have a good walk.” I smile and Rose grins back, luckily not catching the way my voice sounds off.

“We’re going to see the flowers! I’ll bring you one back.” She gives me a quick hug, and then they’re out the door.

I can’t help smiling at how excited she gets about flowers, but when I look at Mum, it falters. “I don’t want to talk about it. There is nothing going on.” I grab some plates, walking into the house, but that doesn’t prevent me from hearing what Mum says.

“I like her, she’s very sweet, and she’s really good with Rose.”

I don’t want to hear it, I really don’t. Because she’s right, and that makes everything so much harder…

* * *

When I finally find some time to myself in the evening, I get onto social media and find a message from a writer friend, Julia.

‘Hope you’re having a great time on the island. Still envious of you moving there.’

I grin as I send a message back. ‘It’s been good, especially when it isn’t constantly raining.’ I check more social media, replying to a couple of messages, when I get another message from Julia.

‘Yeah, that sounds about right. Living so close to the beach… It’s the life. Hey, are you renting out that studio yet?’

What is with everyone and that studio? ‘Not officially, no. Why?’

‘I was thinking about maybe visiting you in a couple of weeks. If you’ve got the space for me to crash, that is.’

‘Of course, you’re always welcome here.’ I can’t help my grin. I’ve known Julia for years, we both started writing lesbian romances around the same time and we’ve had some great times together. We’ve met up a couple of times for writing weekends and to just hang out and chat, she’s a little older than me but we seem to love many of the same things. She’s been a great friend for someone who isn’t that good with friendships. ‘When were you thinking?’

‘Thank you so much! I was thinking the start of May? Maybe a week or two? If that’s possible for you?’

‘I’m easy enough on the timing. Rose has a week or two off then. So, don’t expect too much writing to get done with her around. But if you’re okay with that…’ I’m already thinking up the things we could be doing together, going to the beach, checking out women, and just hanging around the place in easy clothes chatting about books and things like that..

‘That’s fine, I totally need some time off, that way it at least feels validated.’

‘Cool.’ I write it down on some paper, hoping I’ll remember it when the time comes.

‘Yay!’ I can imagine the way she’s grinning, she’s easily excited, like me. ‘Hey, how is it going with that teacher?’ And we go back into the darkness…

I sigh. Why did I tell her about Kim? Well, because we share things like that… ‘Nothing going on. Though, I think that Mum suspects something.’

‘Uh-oh. You’re telling me that nothing has happened since you nearly kissed her… When was that?’

‘Two weeks ago…’ It was two weeks ago, in my kitchen, when I had her in my arms and I had the stupid idea that maybe I could make it work. Before I realised that I really couldn’t, I really shouldn’t.

‘Two weeks, and nothing?’

‘Nothing. We talked today, though.’ Now that she’s asked me about it, I need to talk about this with someone, someone who won’t look at me with judgement in their eyes.

‘And? …?’

I take a deep breath. ‘She… She thinks I’ve been through too much to want her.’ I don’t know how else to explain it, and it hurts. I could see how Kim was comparing her own life to mine, how she was thinking that she wasn’t good enough or how I’d been through too much… I don’t know, but it wasn’t good. Both reasons ended in the same way, both of us crying as she walked off.

‘What? Why?’

‘Because she thinks that her life has been too easy, and my life has been too hard. She thinks that I’d never be good with her, that we won’t work.’ My tears come up again, because that thought keeps hurting, that she thinks she’s not good enough.

‘Well, if this isn’t resolved before I come over… I’m going to find a way to resolve it.’

I let out a short laugh, smiling a little through my new tears. Like it’s any use… ‘Right…’

‘Hey, you know how hot teacher-parent romances are. You’re now living one, use that, lady! Get it on the page and figure it out that way.’

I laugh more now, of course, leave it to Julia to turn something like this into a situation to come up with more plans for stories…

Then I eye the writing program on my computer. You know what… Maybe she’s right. Maybe that’s what I need to do to get this out of my head, write about it, make a story of it. Maybe that will help, because I’m not getting work done on the story I’m supposed to be working on anyway.

This could work, maybe.





Chapter 14


Kim

Like meeting Dani’s parents yesterday wasn’t enough of a surprise family visit, when I arrive at my parents’ place this Sunday morning for our weekly lunch together, my eldest sister Chantal is already sitting in a comfy chair in the living room, grinning at me when I step inside. Oh, great.

“Ah, our favourite baby sister is still having Sunday lunch here?” She stands up, coming over, but the way she says it already sets my nerves on end. “How are you doing?” She gives me a quick hug, and I hug her too.

“I’m good. How are you? Are the kids with you?” I look around, but don’t see them. Chantal has three beautiful kids, two boys and a girl, and the eldest one is currently in his first year of secondary school, going to the gymnasium, the highest level of secondary school you can go to where they also teach classical education, ready to follow his parents’ footsteps to university.

“No, they’re still at home with Jeroen. They’ve got sports to get to and they have to do homework. I can’t take them from that just for a visit, not if I want them to succeed.” She’s smiling, shrugging. “They’ve got other things to do than to follow their mother to visit her parents on some boring island.”

Right then, Mum comes into the living room. “Ah, Kim, you’re right on time. Did Chantal tell you about the new grant she got for her research? It’s so exciting. That research of her is going places.”

“No, she hasn’t yet.” I try to look happy, but I guess this is just one of the ways I don’t understand my family. Sure, my parents were both researchers, so they know how important grants are for their jobs, but it’s also something that I have very little connection to, I’m not like them. “Where did you get the grant from? For how long?” At least I know how to ask about them…

Chantal shrugs, going over to the dining table and sitting down. “It’s not been decided yet for how long it will be, that depends on a couple of factors, but it will cover at least two years of research. So that’s a nice stretch and will keep us going for a while longer.” She talks excitedly with her hands, her eyes bright. “Currently, they’re looking at maybe moving the whole team, or just part of the main team, to a better location. We realised that we could probably get more test subjects and do more research if we were a little more centrally located, being all out north in Groningen is sometimes a little annoying when we try to get new people to come in. Not a lot of people want to travel that far all the time.”

“That’s exciting news, you hadn’t told us that yet, does it come with a raise?” Mum also sits down and I sneak off to the kitchen, where Dad is just getting a freshly made bread from the bread maker.

“Morning, Dad.” I lean against the door, ignoring the voices behind me and instead trying to not let it all bother me. I don’t get them, and that will probably never change.

“Morning, sweetie.” He smiles at me. “They’re all excited about the grant?”

I nod. “Seems that Chantal is moving up in the world.”

His gaze changes a little as he nods slowly, a frown appearing. “Yeah, her research seems to be going well. I’m just…” He shrugs.

“Just, what?” I step further into the kitchen, closing the door behind me a little, drowning out the voices from the living room. He’s worried about her, that doesn’t happen often.

“I’m just not sure it’s the best step for her to take right now.” He puts the fresh bread on a cutting board and leans back against the counter. “Moving the kids again, trying to find a new place for Jeroen to work, or he’ll have to commute to his job for hours. It can’t be easy on them, especially not now they’ve just settled from the last move.” Then he pushes off the counter, like he’s shrugging it off. “Anyway, how are you doing? How is your class?”

“The class is doing well. We’re working on spring related things like flowers and plants. It’s fun.”

“Fun?” He looks at me like that’s a strange word to use.

“Yes. Fun.”

“Are you sure it’s fun, and not just comfortable? I always thought that you’d take on higher years as soon as you’d gotten used to being a teacher. I can’t imagine that teaching the same thing to four-year-olds year after year can keep you entertained.” He doesn’t look at me anymore, grabbing things to bring to the table for lunch. “Is this really what you want?”

“I like teaching them.”

“Yeah, yeah. You always say that, but is it really a challenge? Are you challenging yourself enough in this work? Aren’t you just doing it because this is what you know? You’ve always been an anxious and cautious child, never liking challenges much. Are you sure this isn’t the same?” He shrugs like he isn’t insulting me, or the kids who I teach. Then he steps past me. “Can you take the eggs to the table?” And with that, he walks off, leaving me alone in the kitchen.

I shake my head, not really sure how to react to him. This is why I hate it when my siblings come by, it always comes back to the same questions. Why I’m not ‘growing up’ in my teaching. Why I’m not ‘challenging’ myself more. Why I’m not like my siblings… Why I’m such a failure that I couldn’t get the same degrees that they have, or the high profile jobs?

Why I’m so stuck in my ways and don’t do exciting and cool things like my siblings?

Why I even bother to live…

* * *

Spending the afternoon with my family definitely has been the most exhausting thing in this last week. I have no idea how to even get out from under this dark feeling. Chantal is my eldest sister, she was the first one to do all the good things, get the right grades, the right education, the right job, the right husband, the right kids, the right house, all of it. And I, the youngest kid, did everything wrong, the wrong grades, the wrong education, the wrong job, no husband and no kids… Nothing for my parents to be glowingly proud of.

I know I’ll be hearing about this for weeks, them being all excited about Chantal’s news and then those looks and those questions towards me… I’m not looking forward to it, but what else am I supposed to do?

What am I supposed to do about it? I’m not changing my job and that’s basically where this all begins and ends. I’m not interested in going back to university, get a different degree to then get bogged down in student loans, research and stuff like that… And then? I love teaching, I love kids. But there is no way I can get out from under the shadows of the others, there just isn’t. This is my life, this is my family, and I know I should get used to it, no matter my own feelings…

It doesn’t matter and they won’t get it. They all speak this other language, this language I don’t understand because I don’t do the same things they do. They talk about grants and research and conferences and stuff like that, and I like talking about kids’ books, about plants, about animals, about how to learn or teach about colours, about how you can best teach a young child something. They’re totally different worlds, opposite ends of the spectrum.

This dark feeling inside is overwhelming me and I don’t want to be alone right now, I just… I need to make sure that my life is still real, that I didn’t just walk into a totally different world. A world where nothing makes sense anymore. I want to talk to Dani, hear her sweet voice, her excitement about something small, but instead, I message Kara. ‘Hey, you want to meet up?’

The reply doesn’t take long. ‘I’m prepping a few things for teaching next week, but you’re welcome to come by, Lin is also on her way here.’

Oh. Of course, she’s working and she’s got Lin. ‘No, it’s okay. You should get that done. I’m sorry for disturbing you.’

‘You weren’t disturbing me. Come by if you want to, I’ll make us spiced hot chocolate and we can watch a funny movie.’ She sends some grinning emoticons with it, but it doesn’t take away the feeling that I’m imposing on her, on them, on the great night they’ll have, I don’t need to ruin that.

‘It’s okay. We’ll talk tomorrow. Good luck with the work.’ As soon as the message changes to ‘read’, Kara starts calling me, but I put my phone aside, not wanting to disturb her any longer.

No matter where I go, or what I do, I’m always the outsider. I’m not Chantal, I’m not my parents. I don’t have their brains, their IQ, their big dreams of a better future or just plans for smart kids and grandkids. I don’t have any of that, I’m not as good as them, so why do I try?

Maybe they’re right. Maybe I’m just stuck in my place. Maybe I’m just not trying anymore, too comfortable in where I am and no longer challenging myself to do better.

Life should exist of challenges, new things to do, new things to learn. Always new things. And here I am, I’ve been teaching at the same school for nine years, I’ve been teaching the first two years for all of those nine years.

I’m stuck in place. They’re right. I don’t challenge myself.

Look at Kara. She’s been teaching almost as long as I have and she’s been teaching at different schools and different years for all that time, always a new thing, always changing. Always a challenge.

Lin is working at her mum’s book store, running the thing all by herself, because her mum needed someone and she stepped up, she broadened her horizons. And she’s loving it.

Then there is Kara’s friend, Josie, who runs her own vet clinic and that is in and of itself amazing. It’s such a feat to do, running a clinic and be a vet. It’s… I can’t even imagine it.

Josie’s girlfriend, Sanne, is working a brand new job, doing finances at a new company, and loving her job. She’s able to change things up.

And then Dani… Dani…

My hands are shaking as I wipe at my eyes, my breathing laboured, like I can’t get any air into my lungs. No matter that I don’t like it, maybe they’re right, they’re all right.

How can I expect Dani to look past me being her daughter’s teacher, when I can never measure up to all the experiences she’s had in her life? How can I give her anything, when I don’t have anything to offer?

My life consists of my job and doing housework and having lunch at my parents’ place every Sunday. That’s all there is to me. I’m an okay teacher, but what’s there to be proud of? So many people are teachers, much better than I am even.

I don’t have anything extraordinary, I’m plain and boring, so how could Dani even look at me and see someone interesting?

She may like the way I look, she said as much a few weeks back, and even though she makes my heart race each time she even glances my way, what if she just sees someone she thinks looks hot, good enough for sex, but nothing more?

Could I be okay with that? Could I be okay with just having sex with her and ignore everything else? Could I do that with her? Offer to be someone she can have sex with, but nothing more than that?

Because, what else is there? What more than that do I have to offer her? I look okay, apparently sexy enough for her, and that’s the only thing I have to offer her.

That’s the only thing I can do.

I jolt as the doorbell rings, getting to my feet, dizzy.

What’s going on?

I go over to the front door, looking through the glass and catching sight of Kara. I sigh, opening the door just a little bit, enough to speak through. “What are you doing here? I thought you were busy?”

Kara frowns and pushes the door open more. “Have you been crying? What’s wrong?” Her voice is urgent as she steps closer, her hand on my arm steady.

I shake my head. “I’m fine.” I wipe at my eyes. “I’m okay. You can go back home, to your work and your girlfriend. Just, go.”

“I’m here. I’m here for you. What’s going on? Are you hurt?”

“I’m not hurt. I’m okay.” I want to close the door, but Kara stops me.

“If you keep saying that, I’ll believe you less and less. What’s wrong?” The look in her eyes is intense, it’s like I’m a child and she’s a parent or any adult, ready to fight off whatever or whoever is hurting me. I don’t think she can fight this off… Because in comparison to all of them? I am a child.

“It’s the truth. There really isn’t anything wrong. I just… Nothing.” I shake my head. I can’t explain it to her anyway.

“Is it Dani? Did something happen?”

“No. Why would you even think that? There is nothing going on between us.” My voice falters and my tears are back immediately. “There will never be anything. How could there? How…”

“Oh, Kim.” Kara steps closer and I let her put her arms around me.

More tears keep coming and I can’t stop them anymore. I cling to Kara as she guides us both into the house, closing the door behind us.

“Why can’t there be? You two are obviously into each other.” Her voice is only soft, and I shake my head.

“Because apart from a not-ugly body, what else do I have to offer her? I don’t have anything. I’m nothing. She deserves so much more.”

Dani deserves so much more than I can give her, so why do I even try? Why can’t I get her out of my head?

I should forget about her, I should just forget about all of this, because it’s not going to work out.





Chapter 15


Dani

I’m glad that my parents are staying over, because I’ve barely slept in the last few days. I’ve been writing for hours on end, sleeping little and regularly forgetting to eat. I’ve written twenty-five thousand words and I’m not even halfway through this story and I have no idea how I’m going to continue it. I’m stuck.

Mum and Dad have been trying to get me to talk to them, about Kim or about the story, but I’ve been sending them away. Rose has slept in my lap a couple of times as I was typing, something we’ve gotten down to a well-working system after years of doing this. She knows that I sometimes get into these moods and that I need to get them out before I explode, she just uses it to get all the hugs she wants.

I’ve gotten to the halfway point of the book, the characters know they want each other, but they both also know that their positions make it impossible to have a relationship. There are so many things that could go wrong, least of all the fact that their positions to each other make this all the harder.

What if other parents find out that they’re dating? What would happen? Would the teacher get into trouble? Would the daughter of the other character be bullied? Would she get in trouble? Would they be shunned in the community? The mother and daughter are new to the community, so shunning them would be so easy. Would that happen?

There is a knock on the door and as I look up, Rose is standing in the doorway, her eyes serious. “Mummy?”

I reach out to her and she immediately comes over, her nightgown fluttering around her legs. “What is it, baby?”

“You weren’t in bed.” She puts her head on my shoulder, her steady breathing grounding me.

“I’m sorry, I was working. Did you need me?”

She nods. “I want you to walk me to school. I want to show you the flowers we made and the flowers in the windows too, they’re blooming now.”

“I’ll drop you off in the morning. I promise.”

She sits up, giving me that look that tells me that I’ve definitely lost track of time.

“It’s already the morning, isn’t it?”

She nods, giving me a half-smile. “Grandma just woke me up. I need to get dressed and have breakfast.”

“Okay.” I kiss the side of her head. “I’ll go have a shower, get dressed too and I’ll drop you off at school. I promise.”

“Okay.” She grins, just as Mum appears in the doorway, a soft smile on her lips.

“Ready to join this world again?” Mum looks at me knowingly.

“I’ll have to figure that out, but I’m ready for some things.” I put Rose on the floor, save the document I was working on, and shut down my computer. “I’ll go have a shower.”

“Good. Because we need to get back to our own home later today.” Mum keeps my eyes, letting me know she’s serious.

I nod at her. “I’ll need some coffee, but I think I’m good to get back to the land of the living.” Then I put my hand on Rose’s head, her bright curls the same colour as mine. “Let’s get upstairs, little lady. Let’s get ready for the day.”

“Yay!” She grabs my hand and pulls me up the stairs.

I don’t want to think about what will happen if I see Kim today, because I have no answers to the questions I started out with on Saturday. I still have no answers.

I’m scared. I’m much too scared.

Moving here, following my dream here, it was easy enough. I didn’t have much keeping me in our old place, there were only good new things to search for when we moved here. Cool new things to do.

But this… This thing with Kim? It could hurt Kim, it could hurt Rose. It could mean that we become unwelcome here. And after everything we’ve already experienced here, how loving and welcoming the people here are. I don’t want to hurt Kim and Rose.

I can’t hurt them. I can’t. I can’t live with knowing that I’d ruin not just things for myself but that Kim and Rose would be hurt too.

This place is all Kim knows. This place is all Kim wants to know. This is her dream. I can’t ruin that, I can’t uproot her just because I’m selfish and want something I shouldn’t want.

I can’t do that.

* * *

Even though I was still barely aware when Rose pulled me out the door to go to school, we’re very early. The front door is open and one of the teachers of the higher years, Mr Rik, is at the door, greeting everyone, and the door to Rose’s classroom is also open but there isn’t anyone inside. I was nervous to see Kim, and now she’s not here, I don’t know if or when I’ll see her again, and it puts me even more on edge.

Rose pulls me along to the windows, showing off the hyacinths. They’re all blooming and I can’t help smiling as I smell them, the scent of spring, right there. It makes me breathe a little easier.

“They’re all big and pretty! I like this one best.” Rose pulls me along to the far end, showing the dark purple hyacinths. “You?” She looks at me, her eyes bright.

“I like that one too. It’s very pretty.” They’ve grown bigger than I expected them to and they’re obviously getting enough sun here. I’m also happy to see that they’re all here still, that none of them have fallen over and broken. They’re all still in their little glass bottles, their roots visible. Then I look around the room, at all the different pieces of crafts on the walls, all the flowers. “Which ones are yours?” I point at the flowers.

“This one.” She pulls me along to a hyacinth piece which is more precise than most of the others, it’s very neat, but that’s what I expect of her, when Rose does something, she wants to do it the best she can. She wants to do it ‘right’.

“It’s very pretty.” It’s got blue and purple balled up paper ‘flowers’, on a green stem with big green leaves. “Any of the other—” I stop my sentence. Kim is standing in the doorway, her eyes on me uncertain and I’m sure I look at her in the same way. My heart is in my throat and I swallow hard before I can breathe again.

“Miss Kim!” Rose darts over to her. “I’m showing Mummy the flowers we made.” She’s all happy and Kim smiles at her softly, making my stomach flutter.

“Did you show her your folded tulip yet?” Her eyes go over to a big bucket with all sorts of folded flowers in it.

“Oh!” Rose gasps as she goes over to the jar and starts digging through it.

Kim stays near the door, not coming over to me, so I go over to her instead. There is a sadness in her eyes, a darkness, that I want to make better, that hurts my own heart.

“Morning.” It’s hard to get my voice over a whisper.

While I was writing the story, I could fool myself into thinking that I could resolve this in a way that makes sense, that I could resolve this in a way that works for my brain. That I could make rational decisions, but seeing Kim again… I can’t. I really can’t.

“Morning.” Her voice is rough and she meets my eyes for a moment, before looking away again. That pain isn’t getting better.

“How was your weekend?” I don’t want to leave her, not now, so I keep talking.

“It was good. Thank you. Oh, look, she’s found her tulip.” Kim smiles at Rose as she changes the subject. “Isn’t it pretty?”

I want to talk to Kim, I need to talk to her. But just as I’m about to say something, one of the other kids, Lars, comes into the classroom with his mum. He’s as excited as Rose was to show off the flowers in the windows and I know that our moment has passed.

Rose immediately gets distracted and is off, showing her tulip to Lars’ mum.

“I’m going home. Have a good day.” I don’t know what else to say and I quickly leave the classroom. As I’m about to turn to the front door, I catch sight of Kara, she looks at me with a troubled look in her eyes and while I know that I shouldn’t, I go over to her anyway. “Morning.”

“Morning.” She glances at the door of Kim’s classroom.

“What’s going on? Why does she…” I feel I’m getting upset again. Why does Kim look so sad? Why does she look so unsettled?

Kara takes a deep breath. “We shouldn’t talk about this here.” Her eyes go over the people coming into the school, kids and parents alike.

“I just… She looks…” Kim looks like she’s been crying all night, like she’s been really upset, like something is really wrong. “Please, just… Anything?”

“She messaged me last night. She wasn’t doing well and I went over to her.” She keeps glancing at the door, like she doesn’t want Kim to know she’s talking to me.

“And?”

“She…” Kara shakes her head. “I think you really need to talk to her. Put this stupid parent-teacher thing out of your head. Talk to her. I mean it.”

I shake my head. “I can’t. If others find out, she could be hurt. I can’t hurt her.”

“You’re both hurting already. On your own. Alone. When neither of you want to be. Talk to her. I mean it. Because, right now, everything is going wrong.” Then she turns around and walks off, towards her own classroom, leaving me behind in the hallway.

Talk to Kim? How? How can we?

* * *

‘This is a bad idea.’ I message Julia, it’s almost time to pick Rose up from school and what Kara told me is still going through my head.

‘Why? That Kara woman is right, you’re obviously both hurting, maybe talking will help.’

‘What if things hurt even more after we talk? What then? Do I need to see her every day when I drop Rose off? Do we have to avoid each other? Will we have to move again?’

‘What are you scared of? Which one?’

‘All of them.” I let out a deep breath, one of my shaking hands getting caught in my hair. ‘I’m scared of all of them.’ My tears are flowing again.

‘Well, then what? What now? Are you going to be scared the whole time? The rest of the time you live there?’

‘Maybe.’

‘That’s a stupid idea and you know it.’

I shrug, not giving her a reply. I’m not known for being the best at coming up with plans, or being the most fearless.

‘You’ve been working on your book the whole time, and you still don’t know what to do. It didn’t give you the answers you needed.’ Well, more not the answers I wanted, but the end result is the same. ‘Taking Kim out of the equation didn’t help. Now you need to go the other route, talk to her. Really talk to her. Be honest with her.’

I let out a frustrated sound. Being honest? Being honest about what? Which part of all of this? That she keeps showing up in my dreams? That I keep thinking of her? Or the part where I want her in my life? The part where I don’t know how to tell her all these things?

I don’t know how to handle any of this. And that’s scary. That’s just…

What if she was upset because she’d realised that I’m too much of a hassle and that she doesn’t want me anymore? What if Kara telling me to talk to her is just her way of telling me to give up? Of telling me that Kim has moved on? That I just need to talk to Kim so that she can turn me down herself?

‘Dani?’ Julia’s message pulls my attention.

‘Yeah?’

‘We already know the things that don’t work. That make you both unhappy. Maybe try something else, eh? Maybe this works out better?’

‘Thanks.’ I don’t know what else to say.

She may be right, and if I was a main character in one of my books, I’d tell them the same thing. That these things need to be resolved by having both characters confront their feelings.

But real life is a lot scarier than making my characters do it in a book, because I have no idea what Kim’s reply will be, and in books I already know the end result.

I’m chicken. I’m not brave, I’ve never been brave. No matter what other people think, I’m not. I’m always scared.





Chapter 16


Kim

I’m glad when the school day finally ends, when all the kids are going home and I’m alone in the empty room. A quiet and empty room. I clean up a few things, get it ready for tomorrow, and then sit behind my desk, looking through the plans for tomorrow.

There is a soft knocking on my door and I’m about to greet Kara, she keeps checking up on me today, when I see it’s Dani instead. My heart immediately starts beating faster. “Did Rose forget something?” I stand up, looking around the room, trying to find what she might need.

“No. I’m just here to talk to you.” She steps inside, closing the door behind her. Rose isn’t with her. No good.

“About Rose?” My heart is in my throat and my hands are shaking at the pained look in her eyes.

Dani softly shakes her head, but the fear I feel inside is reflected in her gaze on me.

I grip the table I’m still standing next to, stopping the shaking of my hands. “About my teaching? Or the spring flowers?”

She takes a few steps to me, her eyes on my face, as she shakes her head again.

I don’t want to think about what she could be here for. I don’t want to talk about that, think about that, any of that. Because if this isn’t about Rose or about my teaching, then there is only one possibility she could want to talk about and I’m not sure I’m ready for that. I’m not sure I’m ready to say goodbye to her yet, I’ve been scared of that for weeks and I’m still not sure I’m ready. Last night, as I talked to Kara and Lin, things didn’t become any clearer. I just got more and more confused.

Dani stops a couple of steps away from me, too far for me to touch her, or for her to touch me, good, safe. “We need to talk.” She lets out a shuddering breath, tears in her eyes so clear, and everything inside me hurts, not wanting to think about what could happen.

“Do we? Isn’t it obvious?” I don’t want to hear her say painful words, I don’t want to lose this illusion I have of her, I don’t want her to let go… “Isn’t it better if we don’t talk, just let this go?”

“Letting this go?” There is a spark in Dani’s eyes as her voice pitches, like she’s surprised. “Why?”

“What is there to say? It’s not like…” I shake my head, sitting down again, hanging my head, how else can I explain to her that I’m scared?

“It’s not like, what?” She comes closer again, her feet right in front of mine, and then her hand slides from my neck to my chin, tipping my head up. Her eyes are a dark green now, the colour of a dense forest, not the bright colour I’m used to, her lips are a thin line. “What isn’t it like?”

I let out a breath, my voice breaking even before I speak. “It’s not like I have a chance. It’s not like I’ve got anything to offer you.” I close my eyes, pulling my chin out of her hand and shaking my head, tears sliding down my cheeks. “I don’t think I can have a purely physical relationship with you. But what else do I have to offer? What else could you want?”

“Oh, Kim…” She kneels down, her arms on my knees, looking up at me. “That never even…” Tears streak her cheeks and I reach out, wiping them away. Why is she crying? Why is she crying now? “I never wanted to hurt you. I don’t want to bring you pain…” She shakes her head and then puts her forehead on her arms, looking down.

I’m not sure what to do next, and she’s not saying anything either. “Why would you hurt me?”

“A mother falling in love with her daughter’s teacher? You don’t think that has consequences? To you. To me. To Rose?” She looks back up, more tears sliding down her cheeks. “You don’t think that there could be problems, if this came out? About us?”

I shrug. For her, I’d take those consequences, no matter what they were.

“You’re a loved teacher at this school. I’m a lesbian single Mum who is also a writer and who is hoping to open a flower store. I’m… I’m no match for gossip or rumours. They probably already have a field day with me anyway. I show up with dirt on my jeans, in my hair, mud under my fingernails, every other day. And half of those times, the same can be said of Rose. We’re easy targets like that. If this came out… It could ruin you.” Her voice wavers at the end and my heart hurts so badly. I take her arms, lift them a little and then slide to the floor in front of her, holding her closely.

I blink away my own tears, taking a breath that comes out as a shudder. “You’re a bright light. You’ve raised your intelligent and curious daughter by yourself. You have passions that take you over. You have family who not just love you, but who embrace who you are. When you were suddenly on your own with Rose, you didn’t give up, you never gave up, you fought and made an even better dream for the two of you. You’re amazing, someone to aspire to. Your passion for what you do, it’s an inspiration.” She’s still looking down, at our hands, and I reach up with one of my hands, sliding her hair out of her face, and then softly kiss her on her cheek. “You’re amazing.” How can anyone not see that?

She finally looks at me, and she almost looks like a little kid, not only are her tears still sliding down her cheeks, she’s got snot dripping from her nose, her lower lip still wobbling, and she looks like how the kids look after they’ve cried really hard. “You’re amazing too.”

I shake my head. “No, and that’s okay. We don’t all have to be.”

“No.” She shakes her head and as she’s about to wipe the snot away with her sleeve, I reach up and pull the box with tissues from my desk. I hand her one and she flashes me a small smile before wiping her nose with it, before cleaning away her tears with it too. “You’re amazing too. I promise you.”

I want to say something, but she shakes her head, changing the way she sits, so she can really look at me.

“You know almost anything there is about this island. You are an amazing teacher, the kids here love you. And I’ve seen how the older kids all greet you, they love you still. You had a goal, you wanted to become a teacher. You got the education to do it and then you returned here, to share not just your passion for teaching, but your passion for the island. You have your own place, you’ve been teaching here for a long time, and you’re a pillar of the community. People depend on you. They look to you when they have questions, when they need to know things. Nobody ever looks at me like that, I can promise you. You’re the one they turn to when they need help.”

“I’ve lived a sheltered life, I’ve barely done anything.” I’m nothing like what she describes.

She shrugs. “So? You don’t need to go through trauma or bad things to become an ‘adult’ or a grown person. You just need to grow up, and you’re obviously gotten the hang of that. Having lived a sheltered life and fulfilling your dream are not mutually exclusive.” She smiles a little now. “I’m not that good at being an adult. I just wing it, but I often don’t fully make it.” She lets out a short breath, like an awkward laugh. “Why do you think my parents drop by so often? Even they worry, and they already know that I’m not that good at handling life all by myself.”

I also smile a little, the image of Dani ‘just winging it’ through life fits who she is so perfectly. “Then, what do you want me to be? Your maid? Your cook? Were you that impressed by the desserts?”

She shakes her head furiously. “No. None of that. I just…” She licks her lips, glancing away before looking back at me, her gaze stronger as she takes a breath. “I just want you to love me the way I am.” Her tears are back and she lets out a small and vulnerable sound. “I want you not to give up on me even though I often don’t do everything I should do. I want you to not give up on me when I forget to eat or forget what time it is. I just want you there, with me, all the way.”

I reach out, tears back in my own eyes too, and I pull her close, she automatically tucks her head under my chin and I wonder how long she’s been feeling like this.

When I see her, I see a bright woman who loves life and who’s a little silly but very lovable, but she was struggling to keep her head above water. The things I liked about her, were the things she struggled with. And her small impulsive behaviours, her near obsessive interests, all those things that make her cute, are the things that she doesn’t like about herself. When she looks at me, she sees someone who is steady, who is stable, who is caring and who other people go to for help. All things I don’t see in myself at all, but we always see ourselves in bad light, not the way others see us.

Maybe things can be right. “I want that too. I want to be there with you, if you’ll have me. I want you to show me all the things that you come up with, all the plans you make, all the ideas you get. I want to be by your side when you do them.”

She nods, almost head butting me in my chin, then she pulls back, sniffing before she lets out a short laugh. “We look…” She shakes her head. “We’re a set of crybabies…”

I shrug. “It’s okay, you’re cute when you cry.” I pull more tissues from the box and hand them to her before I clean my own face. Then I look around. “I think we should probably go somewhere else. I don’t think this is the right place to talk more.”

Dani nods. “Probably.”

I pull myself up at the edge of the desk and then reach out to Dani. She grabs my hand, letting me pull her up, but instead of letting go, she pulls me closer.

Her eyes are intense, a bright green, back to her usual colour now the darkness is gone, staring right at me. “Can I kiss you?”

What?! Here? Now?! “Yes.”

She slides her arms around my neck, pushing closer and I wrap my arms around her waist. She’s so warm in my arms. Then, she leans even closer and her lips are so close to mine. I bridge the final distance and we share a breath. Her lips are soft, and a little rough, but none of that compares to the energy rushing through my body when our lips connect. None of that compares to the way my heart flutters and my head gets all light.

I’ve got her in my arms. We’re really kissing. She’s really here. This is really real.

I didn’t think this would happen. After yesterday, after last night, it all got so dark in my head. I thought this was all over, that it was all over and that she’d never see me the same way as I saw her.

But now she’s here, she’s in my arms, and we’re kissing, our bodies flush together, my body body on fire, wanting her, needing her.

When she finally pulls away, her cheeks are all red and her eyes are sparkling. “Wow.” She grins and takes a deep breath. “Wow.” Then she takes my hands, letting out a breath. “I… Ehhh… My parents are taking care of Rose for the day, they offered to look after her while we ‘figure this out’.”

Wait. Oh. Of course. Rose. Her parents. Yes. “Oh.” Still not a sensible reply.

“I was thinking…” Her cheeks almost flush even more, if possible. “It would probably be a better idea if we talked more at your place?”

Right. Talking… I’m not really sure that the look in her eyes is for ‘talking’ to me, or something else. But at the same time… I don’t really care.

Talking or no talking… I want her at my side, I want to be with her, and I don’t want to let her go anymore, not now. Not after I finally got her with me.

Not anymore.





Chapter 17


Dani

Luckily, we don’t run into anyone as we’re getting Kim’s stuff together for her to go home, and by the time we leave the school, we’re much more calmed down and no longer constantly blushing. My heart has finally calmed down a little too. Just a little, because I’m constantly reminded that we’re now on our way to her house… Kim’s place…

I’ve not been to her house yet before and I have no idea where it is, but it apparently isn’t too far from our place, just a couple of streets long on the other side of the shopping street. Her house isn’t very big, but then, she’s only lived here on her own and she doesn’t run a business from her home, so I guess it makes sense that she doesn’t need two or three extra rooms, like we do…

While the outside of the house looks pretty old, the inside is styled quite modern and light with an open plan ground floor and I love the way she’s got a bright kitchen at the back, with a table looking out over her own small garden, though this one is just grass and a couple of plants, not full of fruit trees and edible plants like we have.

“Welcome to my place.” Kim smiles brightly and looks around, I catch her looking at a crooked stack of papers on her kitchen table and the three mugs next to a big chair nearby. “I spend most of my time here in the kitchen or in bed upstairs. I don’t really have much more than that. Living area with a TV I rarely use, reading corner and then my dining and kitchen space.” She shrugs and quickly picks up the mugs from next to the chair, going over to her kitchen. “Would you like something to drink?”

“A glass of water would be nice.” I sit down on one of the chairs around the table, and from here I can see the shelves of children’s books and a lot of romances against the wall much better. In the middle between the living area and the kitchen, looking out over the table and into the garden, is a comfortable chair with a thick throw over it. “Do you like reading?” Kind of obvious, but we’ve not really, you know, talked, so much… So this looks like a good place to start.

Kim puts a glass in front of me and then looks at the shelves, smiling. “Yeah. I spend most of my nights reading, or talking about books online.” She sits down in the chair at the head of the table.

“Romances?” Now I’m getting curious, and a little nervous, we’re getting in dangerous territory here. I could know the authors she’s reading…

She nods, her cheeks colouring a little. “Romances, loads of them. They’re… They’re fun.”

“I know.” I stand up, going over to the shelves, too curious not to want to check. I do recognise some of the titles, though there are enough author names I don’t recognise.

I can hear her stand up too, and then she’s at my back, reaching past me, pushing her warm body against me slightly. She picks up one of the books, giving it to me. “This is one of my favourites.” It’s a book by Julia and I can’t help my smile. It’s always great to find someone loves the books of one of your friends.

“One of your favourites?” I flip the book through my fingers, smiling when I catch one of the scenes that I actually helped Julia plan out a couple of years back, it’s one of her older titles.

“Yeah. I mostly read digital these days. Some of my favourite books are hard to get my hands on in print. So they’re not all here.” She’s not moving away, instead having wrapped one of her arms around my waist, like we’ve always done this, like this is the most normal thing in the world. And it feels so good, like we really have always done this, this closeness.

“Which one is your favourite? Of the lesbian romances.” Because almost all the titles on the shelf are lesbian romances and maybe I’ve read the book, or I can get a copy for her. If she’s used to reading independently published titles, I probably know the author. And it would make a great gift for a birthday or something, if I can remember it long enough…

“You’re going to laugh at me, it’s a little silly.” Her voice drops and her arm tightens a little around me, curious.

“Why?” I try to look at her, but she won’t let me.

“It’s… It’s very silly.” She lets out a deep breath that I can feel on the back of my neck. “It’s a fairly old title, from a couple of years back, one woman is an artist, painter I think, and the other one is a teacher, they meet during a hot summer holiday on some tropical island.”

“Summer Loving by A. Daniels?” I almost don’t dare to name the book and my heart is beating in my throat, making it hard to think.

“Yes. Do you know it?”

Do I know it? “I can get you a signed print copy of it, if you want to.”

“What?” The brightness and the surprise in her voice make me grin and I turn around as I step away a little wanting to be able to see her as I say the next words.

“I can even get this signed for you in a couple of weeks.” I hold up Julia’s book.

She blinks, her eyes wide, confused. “What? What do you mean? You’re just teasing me, right? It’s expensive to get signed books sent here.”

“Not if you know the author.” I can’t help my grin, and I don’t even know why I just tell her this, why I’m going to tell her without even worrying. I don’t usually share my pen names, especially because I don’t want people to get all annoying and ask me things about books and writing all the time. “The author of this book is a friend of mine, Julia, she’s coming to stay in the studio in May for a couple of weeks. And you’re looking at A. Daniels right now. You’ve kissed A. Daniels.”

Kim’s eyes grow almost comically and her cheeks go a bright read. “Seriously?”

I nod. “Yeah. This is part of what I write. It’s not what makes me the most money, but it’s still what I love to write.”

“You’re not kidding?” She sits down on a chair, her eyes still wide.

“No. I’m an author, you knew that.”

She nods. “Yeah, I did. I just didn’t…” Then she starts grinning, an evil glint in her eyes. “Oh, wow. Josie is going to get so jealous when she hears, and Lin is going to go crazy.” She finally seems to get over the surprise, letting out a laugh. “You’re full of surprises. Wow. Wait, you write even more?”

I shrug. “I get bored easily, so I do a lot of different things with my writing. A. Daniels is just part of what I do. I also write as Danielle Abby, very sexy straight romances, usually bad boy type stories.”

“Bad boys, yeah.” Kim nods, smiling. “I’ve read some. I never expected them to be from the same author, from you. They just… They both sounded really cool and I ran into them on some promotion website. Damn, your mind… You’ve got a dirty mind. Those sex scenes… Wow.” She fans herself.

I smile. “One of the advantages of having a mind that goes in a hundred directions at the same time. You come up with a lot of things to use in stories.” Then I put the book back on the shelf and sit down at the table again. “Just… I’d like to keep this between us, for now. I don’t want all the parents to know that I’m ‘one of those smut writers’.”

“Not even when quite a few of the parents probably have read at least one of your books?” She raises an eyebrow at me.

“Especially not then.” I shrug. “Maybe when Rose is eighteen or when she can’t be affected by these things anymore, I’ll be open about it, but not now. It’s not the right time yet. I need to think of her first.”

Kim nods, a little more serious now. “Makes sense. Just… Kara and Lin and the others can keep a secret. And they’d be so happy to know.”

I smile. “Yeah, I’ll probably tell them. As long as they don’t expect me to give them free books or something like that.” I grin.

Kim reaches out, taking my hand. “Thank you for telling me. I really appreciate it.”

I squeeze her hand a little. “Just, you know, I’m not like the characters in my books, I’m not like that. I’m…”

Kim leans closer, giving me a soft kiss on my cheek, and then she sits back, a soft look in her eyes. “I know. You’re you, your characters are your characters. I see you.”

My heart skips a few beats and my hands start to sweat. Why is she so calm about this? Why is she so cool about this all? She just learned that I’m one of her favourite authors, and she just accepts it. Like it isn’t some big thing, like this is the most normal thing in the world.

Then Kim leans closer again. “Anyway, do you need to go home soon?” Her voice is lower and her hand in mine tightens, promising things without words, just touches and sensations.

I shake my head, my heart beating louder, my cheeks heating up. “My parents are staying another evening, to look after Rose. They… Ehh…” They insisted I go after Kim, and to not worry about what happens the rest of the day or the night. I apparently looked very worn out, but that was expected after writing so much in the last days…

“Good.” Kim grins, standing up. “Would you like to, you know, see my bedroom by any chance?” She’s bright now, like she’s so much easier in her skin and like we didn’t just have a really complicated conversation, not even an hour ago. It’s like everything dark has fallen off her and she’s now filled with light and brightness, filled only with good.

“Why? You got ideas?” I stand up too, my whole body buzzing at the look in her eyes, bringing everything to life in me.

“Maybe.” She winks, pulling me close again. “There have been a few things I’ve been wanting to do with you for a long time… Maybe I can even give you some inspiration for future stories.” Like she hasn’t already been inspiration for a story, but she doesn’t know that yet. Kim wraps her arms around my waist, pulling me close, and then she whispers against my lips. “Like touching you in places that are inappropriate in public.” She kisses me before I can answer her, and I wrap my arms around her neck, pulling her against me more.

Her lips open a little, her tongue sneaking out and I meet her head on, exploring her with my tongue, teasing her, tasting her. She’s heady and makes my head spin.

I want her. I want her so badly. And she’s here, she’s right here in my arms, like I’ve wanted from the moment I met her. She’s really here and this is really real, no longer a dream, this is real.

When we pull apart, I’m gasping, my breathing fast, my whole body buzzing, filled with tingly feelings.

Kim takes my hand, pulling me along to the stairs, going up and we immediately step out into her bedroom. She looks back at me, grinning. “My place isn’t that big, I pulled out the extra wall to make more space for my bedroom upstairs, it’s not like I make a lot of noise downstairs to wake myself up when I’m asleep up here.” She pulls me towards a huge bed in the middle of the bedroom.

It’s filled with pillows and blankets, it looks more like a nest than a bed. And all the walls here are filled with even more bookshelves and even more books. They’re all around us. It’s like a reading cave, being surrounded by love stories and sexy times wherever you look. A nest inside a cave of romances.

“I like reading up here.” She pulls my hand up, kissing my fingers, her eyes twinkling. “And I think it’s a great place to cuddle. If you’re up for that.”

“Cuddling?” I raise an eyebrow at her. “Are you sure that’s the right word?”

“Naked, very active, cuddling?” She grins, sucking one of my fingers into her mouth and I let out a sound at the sensation and the look in her eyes. The look of lust and adoration.

“Kim…” I reach out to her with my other hand, my fingers on her chin, sliding down her neck, her skin soft under every touch.

She swirls her tongue around my finger and I can’t help the low sound that escapes me, the way I try to squeeze my legs together a little, like that will make the pressure in my core any less… Like that will make it better, not worse.

I slide my finger from between her lips, and she keeps the suction high, not wanting to let go. It makes my head spin even more than it did before. I then move my hand down her jaw, to the back of her neck and pull her closer, crushing our mouths together. I need her. I need her so much. I need her in every way possible.

As I break the kiss, I push her back onto her bed, her nest, straddling her hips and kissing her again, deeper this time. One of her hands grasps the back of my shirt and the other hand slides into my hair, holding on.

I keep kissing her, hard kisses, kisses that take our breaths away, kisses that are filled with lust and maybe an edge of desperation. Kisses I’ve been trying to keep inside for much too long. Kisses that are now slipping out and overwhelming us, overtaking us.

Kim’s fingers slide down, under my shirt, and then I feel her cool fingers on the hot skin of my back, making me pause for just a moment.

It’s long enough for her to flash me a grin and flip us over. She’s now sitting on top of me, her hair falling around her face, around the both of us, creating another small cave just for the two of us, all her focus on me. She reaches out and trails her fingers over my lips. “You’re so beautiful.”

“So are you.” I grin, retuning the favour as I take one of her fingers into my mouth, sucking on it, and she closes her eyes, her mouth opening just a little, and lets out a slight gasp.

Just the sight and the mental image of what she’ll look like when she comes makes the pressure between my legs even worse. Wow. Just, wow.

I want more of her. I want more of her for the rest of my life!

I want all of her, every last part of her. All of it.





Chapter 18


Kim

I never expected us to end up in my bedroom together like this, especially not today, not right now, or I would probably have cleaned up a little, made the bed nicer and made sure that I hadn’t left dirty clothes all around. This wasn’t the first impression I wanted to give her of my room.

I’m much too hot, dressed like this, and the way she’s looking at me is only making me even hotter, scorching through me. I’m not exactly sure how we started crying in that classroom, so many emotions just spilling out, connecting in a way that I’ve never experienced before and now we’ve ended up like this in the bedroom, filled with totally different emotions and sensations. Though, I suspect that weeks of suppressed emotions have a lot to do with it all, emotions that are now spilling out.

I sit up straighter, her eyes on me are blazing, burning me up, and I pull my sweater and my shirt over my head, leaving me in my jeans and my bra. The air against my skin is chilly, but it doesn’t do anything to cool me down.

Dani’s eyes grow, her mouth opening on a small gasp, her tongue sliding over her lips, and then she reaches up, running her fingers over the lace of the cups. “You’re so beautiful, so amazingly beautiful.” Her husky voice is filled with awe as she hooks her finger under the lace and pulls one of the cups to the side, letting my breast pop out of it. Then she pushes herself up on her elbow and wraps her lips around my nipple, sucking on it, pulling gasps from me. Electricity is rushing through my body, gathering in my core and I can’t help the way I move my hips over hers, trying to relief the pressure, but only making it worse.

Dani lets out a soft laugh, and then her hand slides over my side, to my back, easily snapping my bra open with one hand, letting it slide from around my shoulders. Then she takes both my breasts in her hands, kissing both of them before looking up. “You’re amazingly sexy.” Her eyes are a deep forest green, the lust darkening them in a way that makes me feel like I’m looking at the leaves in the summer, just as intense, just as hot.

I don’t know how to respond to her, taken off guard by her words and the look in her eyes. I just try to nod, try to make sense of what to do, of these feelings inside me.

She slides her arms around my waist and pulls me on the bed with her, keeping her arms wrapped around me as she kisses my shoulder, up to my neck and then back down. “Hmmm, you smell even better than you taste.” She sits up, pulling off her own shirt and she’s wearing a cute pink bra, a white fabric with adorable pink lace over it, cute, like she can be from time to time.

I reach out, sliding my finger up her soft tummy, to her bra, her nipples already hard through the fabric, poking through. I take one between my fingers and roll it softly. She lets out a gasp and then a moan, pushing up against my hand more. Hmmm, this is definitely fun. Her skin flushes pink all over, almost the same colour as her bra.

I push her on her back, leaning over her, and she puts both her hands on my ass, pulling me against her, squeezing my ass a little. Then I take her nipple into my mouth, sucking it through the fabric and she lets out an even deeper moan.

“Kim…” Her hands on my ass tighten, grinding me against her, shooting electricity through my body.

“Yeah?” I look up at her, loving the view of her flushed face from between her breasts, the sight so erotic.

“That… It’s a little rough.” She lets out a short breath, her chest moving fast.

“And that’s bad?” Because I’m pretty sure that her body is responding to me, her body moving up to my every touch.

She shakes her head, running the tip of her tongue over her lips, wetting them. “Just surprised.” She smiles and when I take her nipple back into my mouth, sucking on it again, her head falls back onto the bed, sounds of satisfaction escaping her, her body pushing against mine.

While I focus my attention between her lace-covered breasts, making sure to kiss and suck every little part I can reach, I slowly slide one of my hands down her soft tummy, over the rises and falls of her curves, until I reach the top of her jeans. I play my fingers over the top of her jeans, until she looks at me, her eyes filled with lust. “Can I open them?”

She nods wordlessly, and I smile at how blissed out she already looks.

I open the button of her jeans, sliding down the zipper before I pull them down a little, just enough to give me access. When I look down, I find that she’s wearing a thong in the exact adorable shade of pink as her bra. “Maybe I should check if the curtains match the drapes.” I raise an eyebrow at her and her face flushes a dark red, I pull her thong down a little, enough to see that she is indeed as red down below as she is on top.

“Kim!” she squeaks, slapping my ass as she lets out a bright laugh. “That’s not a way to keep the mood going.”

“It isn’t?” I sit up, opening my jeans, sliding them down a little. “Do you want to see if I match?” I wink and I love the way that her eyes grow a little, her mouth opening on a small o, the slight gasp she lets out.

Dani reaches for me, grabbing my waist and pulling us closely together, our breasts squashed between us, our bodies softly curving against each other. “I don’t need to make sure,” she murmurs against the skin of my neck, hiding her face. “Because none of that matters if I can have you in my arms.”

“Are you shy?” I can’t help my smirk as I slide my hands over her, touching her wherever I can.

She shakes her head against my neck, but won’t look at me. Then she slides her hand over my side, down over the top of my jeans and slips her hand into my jeans. She doesn’t tease me, she doesn’t play, she immediately goes for my most sensitive places and I let out a gasp, everything spinning for a moment. Oh, wow. Bold. “It doesn’t matter, because it’s not about what’s there, but how you use it.” Her lips move over my neck, leaving behind a trail of kisses and slight nibbles on my shoulder.

I grin and slide my own hand down too, my fingers under her jeans and then past the cute thong, to her heat, and as I start moving, her fingers start moving against me too, pulling soft moans from both of us.

The air around us is filled with heat, with electricity, and it’s only getting warmer, my whole body burning up, just having her here, touching her, being touched by her, everything.

I cover her mouth with mine, kissing her hard, getting lost in all the sensations as I try to give her the best I can.

Everything is getting even hotter around us, it’s like everything is on fire, like all the sensations get to a point that I can’t describe, a point so hot that I don’t know how to explain it. So much, it’s so much, too much. My head spinning, my breath catching, my body tumbling over the edge.

“Dani…” Her name spills from my lips before I gasp and my orgasm takes me over. Her orgasm is moments later, the low moan against my skin almost making me all hot again, or keeping me all hot, I don’t know. All I know is that I’ve got an amazingly beautiful woman in my arms and I just made her come.

I pull one of the covers over us, snuggling close and she hides her face under my chin, her breathing evening out as she plays with her fingers over my tummy, sliding over my skin, like she can’t stop touching me.

“You’re so amazing,” she murmurs.

“You keep saying that.” I smile, tightening my arm around her, my body all satisfied and lazy.

“I’ll keep saying it until you believe it.” She kisses my neck. “I’ll keep saying it. I promise.”

“I’ll keep listening, I promise.” I kiss the side of her head and close my eyes for a moment. Enjoying our closeness, enjoying the way we’re all wrapped together here.

This is perfection, it really is.

* * *

Dani is sitting on the other side of the table, wearing one of my shirts and a pair of my sweats. Her hair is all poofy around her face, even more than normal. She looks happy, and relaxed, and satisfied, and quite sexed up, and it’s a good look on her. We’re sharing a pizza, since I didn’t feel like cooking or going to the store to buy something, so, instead, I grabbed a pizza from the freezer. I may have my life in order, but I still don’t always feel like cooking.

I take a bite from the pizza, looking out the window, it’s slowly getting dark. It’s not actually that late, almost seven in the evening, but it feels much later. That probably has something to do with the ‘activities’ we’ve had this afternoon, both very draining and exhausting.

“Kim?” Dani leans back, her eyes a little more serious than they were before. “What are we going to do?”

“What do you mean?” There are so many things we’ll have to figure out and I don’t feel like doing any of them. But I have no idea which one she’s thinking of right now.

“Rose, can she know?”

“It’s a bit hard to keep this a secret from the little girl living with you. Especially since we can’t keep depending on your parents to babysit her.” I wink, which makes her smile.

“True. So, Rose can know.” She lets out a short laugh. “Kara already knows.”

I shrug, letting out a deep sigh. “Yeah, hard to get things around her.”

“Can others know?” Dani’s voice is really serious now and when I look at her, she looks worried. “Other parents?”

I nod. “If you’re okay with it. I don’t want to hide this, whatever it is between us, it’s going to be much too complicated to hide. And I don’t really want to.”

“Yeah, I don’t want to hide either. But I also don’t want to… you know, make things uncomfortable for you. Or make things complicated at school.”

“They won’t. At least, nothing I can’t handle.” I reach out, taking her hand and squeezing it for a moment. “Just, no big kisses or hugs when we’re at school or near the school grounds. At least… Not as long as I’m still Rose’s teacher, or maybe just…”

Dani smiles as she nods. “No big romantic displays of affection when you’re in a professional setting. Yeah, that makes sense.” Then she takes a deep breath and seems to relax a little. “I just, don’t want to hide us. You make me happy, you make me feel good, you make me feel safe, and I like that. I want to share that with the world.”

“Me too. I don’t want to hide anything, I just need to stay professional at school. But outside that… I’m a free woman, for you to enjoy.” I wink and she grins back.

She looks at the clock on my microwave, her face falling. “If I go home now… I can still put Rose to bed.” She bites her lower lip as she looks between me and the clock.

I squeeze her hand a moment, my heart filling at the look in her eyes. She’s so sweet and caring. “Go. She’s your daughter, she’ll love it if you’re there. Go put her to bed.”

“Will you come with me?” My heart jumps a moment, not expecting this, but she’s not letting go of my hand.

“What? Now?” Already?

“Yeah. I’d like to cuddle some more, but…” She shrugs, suddenly looking less sure. But she’s also a mum and wants to be with her daughter, her family.

“Sure.” I stand up. “Let me clean this up and get changed and we can go. Good idea?”

She nods, standing up herself, looking a little more relaxed. “Don’t go too far with that pizza. Can you put it in a box, that way we can still eat it later.” When I just stare at her, she shrugs. “It’s a good pizza, and I’ve not had too much of it yet.”

I laugh and nod. “Fine.”

“Cool.” And she’s out of the room, up the stairs, to get changed into her own clothes.

I knew that if we were going to make this work, I’d have to share her with Rose, but I never realised how real that sharing would be. As I put the slices of pizza into a container, I let out a slow breath. I don’t mind it. I knew what I was getting myself into, and it’s not like this is strange. It’s actually nice to see this side of her again, this motherly side, this totally loving and adoring side of her.

But I also feel a bright happiness in my chest, something that keeps growing each time she looks at me, each time she smiles at me. Softly, I speak the words to myself. “I love her.”

I love Dani, I love the way she enjoys the world, I love the way she experiences everything, I love the way that she looks at me and wants to involve me in everything she does. She’s like a bright light, no matter what she does.

I love her. I love her.

“Kiiiiim…” Dani’s arms slide around my waist, her head on my back. “What are you dreaming about with that smile?”

“Nothing.” I try to look neutral, but that’s hard when she’s so close. “Let me close this tub and then I’ll get changed too.”

“Okay.” She steps back, the cold on my back immediate. “I just told my parents we’re coming back to the house, and they said that Rose wasn’t in bed yet, she’s still reading in the living room.”

“Okay.” I turn around, giving her a quick kiss. “I’ll be right back.”

“Don’t forget to pack a change of clothes,” Dani calls out after me and my face heats up. Of course…

As I go up the stairs, I see the rumpled bed, the places where our forms used to be so clearly lined out and I can’t help my grin. I quickly change into comfortable clothes and then grab a bag with clean clothes and some toiletries.

Wow. This is definitely a day of many new experiences…





Chapter 19


Dani

Just like my parents said, when we reach the house, Rose is sitting on the couch with a book, reading. When she sees me, she grins and gets up. “Grandma and grandpa said that you would not be sleeping at home today. But you’re here.”

“Yes, I’m here because I wanted to get you to bed. Change of plans.” I wrap my arms around her, this happy feeling inside making me want to share it with her and everyone else I know, a bubble so bright and light inside me, so different from how I felt this morning. I lift Rose up and turn to Kim, who also smiles at her.

“Miss Kim!” She reaches out to Kim and wraps her arms around her, even though she’s still in my arms.

“From now on, when we’re not at school, it’s just Kim.” She smiles at Rose and Rose’s eyes go wide for a moment, but then she grins too.

“Okay.” Rose nods, and starts to wriggle in my arms. “I was reading a book with grandma, it’s a book about gnomes.” She darts off to the living room and picks up the book she was reading, showing it to me. It’s one of my old books, one I used to read as a kid too.

“That’s so cool. Where is grandma?” I look around, but can’t see Mum.

“She had to go to the studio for a moment. Grandpa is walking Max.” Rose is already sitting on the couch, the book open on her lap, waiting to continue the reading with Mum, since she can’t read well enough on her own yet, at least not this book. Dad and Max had been my second question, but it’s now cleared up.

I turn to Kim. “You can drop your bag off in my room upstairs. It’s the first door on the left.” I touch her hand for a moment, a little too nervous to give her a kiss, especially in front of Rose like this.

“Will do. I’ll be right back.” She touches my hand too and goes up the stairs, her movements a little awkward.

I go over to Rose, sitting next to her on the couch.

Rose looks up, watching Kim go up the stairs. “Is Miss Kim… Kim, going to be sleeping over?”

I nod. “Yeah. She’ll probably be sleeping over here often. Is that okay with you?”

Rose nods. “She’s nice.”

“Yes. Yes, she is.” I grin and then look down at the book she’s reading. “Do you want me to continue?”

She shakes her head, pulling a face. “Grandma does better voices.” Well, yes, Mum is much better at that. I can make up the strangest stories, but I suck at reading out loud and doing voices.

“Okay, I’ll let you be then.” I’m about to go look for Mum, when Rose speaks up again.

“Will you be tucking me in, today?”

I turn back to her for a moment, nodding, smiling at her bright smile. “Yeah. That’s why I came back, if you want me to.”

Rose nods furiously, her bright red curls dancing around her head. I’m going to have to start braiding them before bed soon, or it’ll be a hell to brush them in the morning.

“Okay. Let me know when the story is over, I’ll tuck you in.” I go to the conservatory, ready to go over to the studio to check up on Mum, when she steps through the door into the conservatory anyway, a questioning look on her face. “Everything is well, nothing to worry.” I smile and with a big grin, she wraps her arms around me, pulling me against her tightly.

“I knew it. I knew that it would work out with you two.”

“You were probably the only one…” I grumble, but my smile doesn’t falter, and I hug her back.

Mum lets me go with a big smile, raising her eyebrow. “No, I’m pretty sure that you two were the only ones who didn’t believe in it. I’m just glad it worked out.” She looks past me and her smile grows. “Welcome to the family.”

I look behind me and Kim is standing in the doorway, looking all satisfied, but her cheeks darken at Mum’s words, and she already makes me all hot and bothered inside again. But I still whisper, “Mum… Don’t do that.”

Mum looks at me, raising an eyebrow. “Do, what?”

“Make this all awkward.” My cheeks heat up.

“I’m pretty sure you’re good at doing that yourself.” She puts her hand on my shoulder for a moment. “Okay, I’m going back to reading a story with my granddaughter, since it’s obvious that three is a crowd here right now.” She goes into the hallway and then into the living room, closing the door behind her, leaving me alone with Kim.

Kim comes over, smiling softly. Then she wraps her arms around me from the back, her head on my shoulder, and we both look over the garden. “I like your parents. They’re funny.”

“They’re annoying,” I grumble.

“They love you.”

I nod, not sure what to answer to that. They do, and I know that they do. They’ve supported me in everything. But right now, there are much bigger feelings in my chest, like the way I feel about Kim. Like the way she makes me feel when she looks at me, when she holds me… I love her.

In everything that happened in the last weeks, in all the trying to avoid her, in all the trying to work this all out on my own, one thing has become clear. I love her.

But I’m too scared to tell her that right now. Too chicken to break this lovely spell we’re under. This almost dreamlike state we’re in.

* * *

Breakfast the next morning is a zoo in the kitchen… There are five of us in total, all sitting around the table, trying to have breakfast and trying to learn the new patterns that come with having an extra person with us.

I’m being way too awkward with Kim because I keep wanting to kiss her, Kim is trying to be polite to my parents when they keep asking her all sorts of questions about her life and job as she’s trying to eat breakfast. And Rose is staring at all of us like we’re some interesting puzzle, but it’s obvious she knows something is up, even when she doesn’t know how to decipher it.

Letting out a short breath, I stand up, making another pot of coffee. Even though I slept really well last night, in Kim’s arms mind you, catching up on almost three days of bad sleep doesn’t really happen overnight. And I still need to drop Rose off at school. It would be a little strange if out of nowhere Kim would also take her to school and I wouldn’t show up… So I need to be awake enough to make sense of everything this morning, to get through the motions before I can take another nap.

Kim steps close next to me, bumping her shoulder into mine. “I can see where you and Rose get your curiosity for everything…”

I grin and when I look her way to give some smart reply, she gives me a quick kiss on my lips, just a peck, but it stops me in my tracks, my heart pounding, surprised.

“You look like you’ve been wanting to do that all morning.” Dani winks with a grin as she pours herself a cup of coffee from the new pot and sits back down at the table.

I stare at the pot and the cup in front of me, my brain having fried for a moment. She just… She just kissed me! Right in view of everyone in the kitchen!

Although, Rose is sitting with her back to us, so she’s probably not seen anything, and as I look back at the table, Kim and Dad are both looking at me smugly and I let out a deep sigh. Great. I think I’ll be needing a lot more coffee to keep up with all of them this morning.

I pour a cup and then sit back down at the table. Rose looks at me, reaching out and touching my cheek.

“Why is your face all red?” She looks a little confused at it.

“Ehmmm. Because…” What to answer her? Fried brain still in action.

“Because she’s excited.” Kim answers for me and if looks could kill… ‘Excited’?

“About what?” Rose now looks at her, her curiosity averted away from me, though I’m not sure I like the way this is going.

“I promised her I’d make us dinner tonight, something really delicious.” Smug much? But it’s also fun to see her enjoying herself like this, even if I’m the subject of the teasing…

“Oh! What are you going to make? More chocolate?” Rose leans forward and I pull at her plate to make sure that her sweater isn’t all covered in peanut butter when she sits down again.

“Maybe I’ll do something with chocolate for dessert. But I’m not telling, it’s a secret.” She winks in an over the top way at Rose, her finger to her lips. Kim fits right in. She fits right into our lives and that makes me less anxious about all of this. It’s nice to know that it won’t be all complicated until we’ve figured out how we all fit together.

Kim just slips right in with everyone and it’s like this has never been any different. It’s like it’s always been like this, and that’s a good feeling, because it means that everything will probably work out. When you fit together, when you don’t have to go out of your way to make things work, it’s so much easier and that’s good, it relaxes me a little.

Under the table, Kim takes my hand and I squeeze her hand too. She looks at me with a question in her eyes, but I shake my head, smiling. Everything is good, everything is right.

Everything is right now.

* * *

After the hectic start to the morning, I dropped Kim and Rose off at school and when I came home, my parents were already packed and ready to go home too. They looked happy and I felt happy too. I was so glad that they stayed another day, just so I could make things right with Kim. Without them, I couldn’t have done all this. After they left and I was finally home alone, I worked on the book I was supposed to be working on, the one I was working on last week, and time sped by.

I picked Rose and Kim up from school for lunch, before dropping them off again, my stomach constantly filled with butterflies not just from having Kim with me but also nerves about what people who’d see us would think.

In the afternoon I worked on the lesbian romance novel I’d been working on yesterday, writing a couple more chapters on it. After that, I worked in the garden with Rose while Kim finished up at school and went by her own place.

True to her promise, Kim also picked up things for dinner and made us an amazing meal, finishing with some chocolates, though they weren’t as extravagant as last time, but then, that was to be expected.

Rose is now asleep in her bed, and we’re curled up on the couch. Max is asleep on his own big pillow by the radiator and is softly snoring.

“I could get used to this.” I turn a little, putting my head on Kim’s shoulder.

“Which part?” I feel her breath on my hair before she leaves a kiss.

“All of it. Sleeping with you. Breakfast with you. Lunch with you. And you making dinner for us. And, of course, us sitting here.” I’m grinning, I can’t help it, this bright feeling in my stomach still there.

“That does sound like you mean ‘all of it’.” She wraps her arm over my shoulder, which makes me slide down a little, my head on her breast, over her heart. “But anything in particular?”

“You.” I lick my lips, a little nervous. “I like that it’s all with you.” I look up at her and the heated look in her eyes takes my breath away for a moment, making everything in my body flutter.

She plays her fingers over my arm before she leans in close, giving me a slow kiss, sharing a breath, a heartbeat. Just as I’m about to deepen it, she pulls back. “I love you.”

My mouth drops open, my heart skipping a beat, my brain fried. “What?”

“I love you. I love how excited you get about everything. I love how you’re totally into something. I love you.” Though, an uncertainly starts to bleed into her gaze. “I know it’s—”

“I love you too.” My mouth is suddenly dry and I’m not sure how to make words come out. “I love you too.”

She grins, and pulls me onto her lap, making me face her, then she kisses me again. The hard kisses, the way she invades my thoughts, all my sensations, she’s making me lose my mind. I’m not even sure what I’m thinking anymore, everything so overwhelming.

She loves me. She just said it. She loves me.

And I love her.

I wrap my arms around her neck, deepening the kiss, showing her how much I love her, how much I love kissing her, touching her, being with her. Showing all of it, because even though I’m the one making my money with coming up with words for these experiences, right now, I’m without words. I’m without ways to describe what I feel, I’m without ways to make sense of the world.

I love her and she loves me. That’s all that’s important right now, that and nothing more.





Chapter 20


Kim

I slip my hand into Dani’s as we walk onto the beach. Rose and Max are running out in front of us. Rose is laughing as she’s trying to sprint Max and Max is just enjoying himself, winning easily from the little girl.

It’s been almost three weeks since the day we had our emotional breakdown in the classroom and then the amazing sex in my bed… Three weeks for the weather to have changed yet again, it’s gotten really nice and warm, all spring-like, and we’ve been going on a lot of walks together, all four of us.

At school, people are slowly realising what’s going on between us and we’ve both had some questions, but there hasn’t been too much in the way of problems, which is good. It makes all of this so much less scary. Because, even though I said that I wouldn’t care what the consequences could be, I was still scared and nervous about the replies from other people.

Of course, two weeks ago, my mother found out about us, through some gossip from somewhere and she really had some choice words about my ‘irresponsible choice of partner’. But, while it hurt that she disapproved, having had Dani’s parents around a couple of times, I knew that it just wasn’t okay, the way she spoke to me. And I told both my parents exactly that. That their judgement of how my life was ‘supposed’ to go had no bearing in real life and that they should get over themselves. I live my own life, not theirs.

Sure, things are a little awkward with my parents now, but I needed to do it, I needed to step away from always listening to them. I now know that it doesn’t have to be that way, to always be treated like I’m not good enough and comparing me to others who they hold in much higher esteem. I’ve always practised kindness and care with the kids I teach, I pride myself on that, but somehow I’d allowed my parents to not treat me in the same way, to let them treat me in hurtful ways and never think anything of it, because that’s what I was used to.

Things are changing in my life, definitely changing, and it’s making me happier, so much happier. Life seems so much easier when I’m not constantly doubting myself, but just live it the way I want to.

Dani squeezes my hand a little, pulling me to her, wrapping her arms around me. “What’s going on in that mind of yours?” She raises an eyebrow at me but I shake my head, letting out a slow breath.

“Nothing much. Just thinking.”

“It didn’t look too happy.”

“It wasn’t, until it was.” I grin, glancing around to make sure Rose isn’t looking our way and then give her a quick kiss.

“Right.” Dani frowns a little, and then starts walking again.

“No, it’s all good. It is now, now I’m with you.” I look at her until she glances my way and I see how her cheeks get all red. Bingo.

Then, Max comes racing up to us, a big block of something between his jaws. I reach out and he gives it to me, all wet and covered in his drool, it’s just some wood.

“Let’s see how far you can run.” I pull my arm back and throw the wood.

Next to me, Dani bursts out laughing when the wood lands not too far away from us and Max still sprints to it, jumping for the piece, all excited.

“Meanie.” I jab Dani in her side a couple of times and she takes my hand, stopping me.

“Just enjoying myself.” Then she looks down, and her eyes widen for a moment. She picks up a small pink shell from the beach, her eyes going all bright in excitement. “Rose!” She waves for her. “I’ve found a pretty one!”

Rose immediately comes running over, also something in one of her hands. “Lemme see!”

Dani opens her hand for Rose, who lets out an exciting squeal.

“Pretty! Look, this is what I found.” She also opens her hand, revealing a razor shell in between a lot of sand, but it’s almost fully intact, which is rare.

“Also very pretty.” Dani grins.

They’re collecting shells to decorate a sign for Dani’s flower store, even though she’s not gotten much further with the idea than the idea of the store and the sign. She’s been working on her writing too much, but it’s okay, it’s fun to watch her do everything and she’ll probably get to it, at some point.

“Do you have anything yet?” Rose looks at me and I shake my head.

“I didn’t see anything yet. I’ll have to look better.”

Rose nods, seriously. “We have to find a lot of shells for this, the sign is really big.” And she puts the shell into the pocket of her jacket, before running off again, Max following her closely.

“You’ll have to buy her a new jacket, you know. You can’t keep sending her to school in that one. Every afternoon there is a big pile of sand under it.” Rose keeps collecting everything she finds on the beach in the jacket.

Dani grins. “Yeah, that’s probably a good idea. Or she’ll need a jacket with a lot of pockets to store things in that she finds on the beach.” She takes my hand again and we walk in silence for a while.

The only sounds the birds, the sea, the wind, Rose’s laughter and Max’ barks from time to time. This feels so good, this feels so different from my life even a month or two ago, like two different lives, but this one suits me much better, I’m much happier like this.

I grin, letting out a deep breath. I could live like this for the rest of my life, I really could. No question about it.

* * *

“I’m going to have to move a few of my things…” Dani is muttering to herself, standing in front of her closet in another pair of pastel undies, a pastel blue lacy bra and thong, combined with fluffy black and white socks. She looks so adorable. Then I realise she’s looking at me, waiting for my answer on something.

“What?”

“Stop staring at me.” She points at her closet. “You can’t keep bringing that bag over with just a single change of clothes in it. I’m going to have to make some space for you in here too. Right?”

She wants me to move things here? I stand up and go over to her, then I slide my arms around her waist and pull her close to me, her body against my naked skin. “I don’t know. If you want me to. My house isn’t too far away, you know.” I slide one of my hands down, playing with the lace on the side of her thong and she slaps at my hand.

“Don’t undress me again, we have things to do.” She grabs the offending hand, putting it around her waist too, away from things I can undress her from. “I’d like it if you’d leave a few things here. It makes it feel like, you know, this is real.” Her voice is lower this time, not as sure.

I kiss the back of her neck, smiling as I smell my shower gel on her. “It’s real, I promise you. But I’ll leave a few of my things here, if you’d like. It would make things easier when I need to get dressed.” I kiss down her neck and take the strap of her bra between my teeth, tugging on it a little. “Plus, I guess I’ll have to, I don’t fit into your cute bras when we lose track of one of mine again.”

Dani’s skin flushes pink and she lets out a light laugh, going breathy. “Don’t… Please… We really have to get dressed. Kara will be here soon and Rose is downstairs, she could come upstairs at any time. You’re not even dressed, at all.”

“I like not being dressed around you.” I kiss her shoulder again, but then step back, grinning. “Fine, I’ll play nice.”

Dani grins at me, shaking her head a little, then she takes a brightly coloured summer dress from her closet, holding it in front of herself. It’s full of flowers, big, bright flowers. “I never expected you to be such a perv.”

I shrug. “I like showing my affection for the one I love. I’m just a little awkward about it sometimes.”

She pulls the dress over her head and then closes it at the back before looking at me again. “Yeah. That awkwardness goes right out the window as soon as it’s just the two of us together, doesn’t it?”

“Maybe.” I grin, and then dig around in my bag for my own clothes, shaking my ass as Dani because I know she’s still looking my way.

“Kim…” She lets out a deep sigh. “Okay, I’m going downstairs. Make sure Rose isn’t up to something and waiting for Kara and the others. Away from your temptations.” She leaves the bedroom, closing the door behind her.

She’s not wrong, I get bolder when I’m just with her. I’m a little awkward with public displays of affection, but when it’s just the two of us, it’s not so much of a problem. It’s Dani who is shyer when it’s just the two of us together these days.

Today, we’re going to the beach with Kara, Lin, Josie and Sanne, and of course Rose and all three dogs. Supposedly Josie is bringing along even more friends today, which could make the group even bigger, but I’ve not met any of them yet.

The weather is going to be amazing and it’s still pretty early in the holiday season, so there won’t be too many people on the beach yet. As soon as the summer holidays and such start, the beach will be a lot busier, and spending a couple of hours a the beach won’t be as much fun, but right now, so early in the year, you have to grab the calm days when you can.

These last couple of months have been interesting, first meeting Kara, who immediately counted me as one of her friends and who invited me over to her place, and then through her, I met her girlfriend Lin, of course, and then Josie and Sanne. They all just let me into their group of friends, like I’ve always been part of it. For the first time, I didn’t feel like I had to prove anything, they just accepted me the way I was.

And then Dani stood in the doorway of my classroom, Rose at her side. Like magic, she just appeared one day and I’ve not been able to keep her from my mind since. We’ve had our ups and downs, and me being Rose’s teacher and her being Rose’s mother was a problem for a while, but we’ve overcome that too. Dani was like a vision, a beautiful vision I thought I’d never be able to grasp, who I thought would always be too far away for me to catch. But she wasn’t, she was right there, right there with me.

And now she’s asking if I’d like to move some clothes into her closet, like she asked me what shower gel and shampoo I used so she could keep a second set in her own bathroom, so I wouldn’t have to keep dragging them around. She’s… She’s slowly moving me into her place and I’m not stopping her, not at all.

I pull my shirt down and check myself in the mirror. Long skirt, check. Cute shirt, check. I’m ready. I put my bag to the side of the bed, taking a final look in it. I guess I should take some more clothes with me next time, maybe later this weekend even. Maybe.

I open the bedroom door, looking around the small hallway and then going down the stairs. I catch a glimpse of Rose drawing something as she’s sitting at the table in the conservatory and then I find Dani in the kitchen.

Stepping behind her, I slide my arms around her waist, pulling her close. “You look beautiful.” I nuzzle her neck, I love this way too much, holding her like this.

“Kim…” She lets out a small sound as she leans back into me.

“I love you.” I kiss her neck. “I love you so much.”

“I love you too.” She wraps her arms around my arms, holding me in place. “I love you.”

We look out over the conservatory, at the garden, at the calm of our lives. After a while, Rose glances up meeting our eyes and grins, waving at us.

We wave back and that makes Rose climb out of her chair, taking the drawing she was working on with her, rushing for us.

“Look!” She holds up the drawing, all excited.

“Who are all of that?” Dani kneels down to look at the picture. “That’s really pretty.”

“This is you. And this is Kim. And this is Max. And this is grandma. And this is grandpa. And this is—” She keeps going, pointing out everyone on the page. It seems that not only did I gain friends and a girlfriend, Rose has accepted all of us as people who belong in her family too. Everyone, and that kindness, that openness, fills my heart with so much warmth.

Rose is right, it is that easy. People who love you, who you love, they’re your family, no matter if you’re bound by blood or not, it’s those who make you happy who matter the most.

I look at them, smiling. I never expected any of this to happen, but now I’m the happiest of all. I was right, as soon as the season turns to spring, the better weather brings a lot more good things into our lives…

Like a whole new loving family.

The End

* * *

Get updates about Emily Engbert’s books by signing up to the Easily Distracted Media Newsletter:

Easily Distracted Media Newsletter





Other books by Emily


Here are some other books, written by Emily, in a similar style but a slightly different genre.





As Emmy (Queer YA Romance)

Her Elysium (Flowers and Keyboards 1)

A chance meeting in the online game Destruction of Elysium changes the lives of a healer and a tank forever.





The digital worlds of MMORPGs are Alex’ only safe space. Online, she’s the great AlexTheDestroyer, leader of one of the biggest raiding guilds in Destruction of Elysium, a max level tank who can handle any monster and she knows her way around every dungeon. In real life, she’s just Alex, a clumsy girl who’s hyper and too impulsive.

Until she meets a healer who seems to be able to heal more than just her online character. Only, Alex can’t fall for her. The guild desperately needs a new healer, or they’ll lose their top rank.

Can she risk the fate of the guild just to confess to the one girl who really seems to get her?





Fleur is a girly-girl who loves flowers, dresses and being a healer in her favourite MMORPG.

But in this online world, like in real life, she feels like she’s only playing a role, never truly herself.

That is until she meets a tank who seems to match her play style perfectly. She’s curious but also a little wary.

Can she really trust someone she met in a videogame?





When Alex and Fleur meet offline at the yearly guild meeting, everything they ever knew starts to shift...

Her Elysium (Flowers and Keyboards 1)

* * *

The Other Dress (Flowers and Keyboards 2)

We both love wearing dresses, the prettier the better.

We also both love cosplaying.

But that is where our similarities end.

Right?





Nobody would call Elliot a flashy person, he's calm and kind, spending most of his time with his nose in books or playing games. But when he's finally brave enough to cosplay loud and cheerful Aoi, a female character from Magical Princess Club!, at AmAnime it changes everything. Especially when he's swept off his feet by a girl cosplaying Sakura, Aoi's best friend.

Can he really expect more than friendship when he's dressed like someone else entirely?





Izzy lives for cosplaying and conventions. She loves dressing up as magical girls because when she slips into their characters, she transforms a little too. Cosplaying and dressmaking are her ways to deal with the discomfort she feels over the body she was born in, making her feel more like her real self.

And cosplaying at AmAnime is the highlight of her year. Meeting friends, showing off her skills... And this year, somehow being face to face with a person who makes her heart beat faster than ever before.

She's always thought that dating would be out of the question, but is it?





When Elliot and Izzy impulsively team up for the yearly cosplay contest, they may win more than just a trophy...

The Other Dress (Flowers and Keyboards 2)

* * *

As E. (Queer and neurodiverse scifi)

BASE Status: Online

Helheim Fallen Online, the next generation VRMMORPG will be released on 2042-04-02! Sign up NOW to win a chance to be a beta tester!

Willow’s life hasn’t been easy. She’s autistic, living in a community closed off from the rest of the world ‘for her own safety’, and the only way she gets to interact with anyone is by logging in to the BASE (Bioelectrical Augmented Synapse Enhancement) platform and play videogames.

Her life revolves around playing VRMMORPGs with her close friends and making a little extra money on the side by trading items in the games so that she can buy pizza or new games when they come out.

The game she’s saving up for right now? Helheim Fallen Online, a Norse mythology inspired game, said to be changing the landscape of gaming forever.

Only, there are rumours going around that some people who get the beta invite for the game are going missing. It’s just a rumour, until her best friend Violet wins one of the beta keys and disappears, all traces of her gone, like she was never even there.

Now Willow is fighting against the clock to not only find out where Violet went, but why more people are going missing every day, and the only way to do that is by illegally getting into Helheim Fallen Online, play the game, and expose whoever is making people disappear.

And, above all, make sure she doesn’t get caught in the meantime and disappears herself.

She has ten days to pull it off.

BASE Status: Online





About Emily Engberts


Emily writes adult romances with queer women who won’t apologise for being different and who celebrate their differences.

She is Dutch and has lived in the Netherlands for almost all her life apart from when she studied English and Creative Writing at the University of Chichester in England. This really inspired her to make writing her career and has been working towards that goal ever since.

Emily currently lives in Groningen with her partner and adorable cats, and if she’s not writing, you can find her playing videogames or working on one of her many creative projects.





For social media links, look on the Easily Distracted Media page.





About Easily Distracted Media


Easily Distracted Media is a publisher/brand name for a group of pen names from one author. Each pen name gives a slightly different ‘flavour’ of story, but they’re all highly emotional, focusing on close connections between friends and chosen family.

E. Engberts, Queer Scifi Young Adult stories.

Emily Engberts, Lesbian Romance stories (18+).

Emmy Engberts, Queer Young Adult Romance stories.

Layla Heart, Paranormal Romance stories (18+)

Skylar Heart, Contemporary Romance stories (18+).

Rosa Swann, Gay Romance stories (18+).





Newsletter: http://www.easilydistractedmedia.com/newsletter/

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/easilydistractedmedia/

Twitter: https://twitter.com/EmmyEngberts

Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/easilydistractedmedia/





Published by Easily Distracted Media


As E. Engberts (Queer YA Scifi)

BASE Status: Online

As Emily Engberts (Lesbian Romance, 18+)

Seasons on the Island Series

As Emmy Engberts (Queer YA Romance)

Flowers and Keyboards Series

As Layla Heart (Paranormal Romance, 18+)

Lughnasadh Elite Academy Serial

Guarding Their Dragon Mate Serial

Her Shifter Harem’s Babies Series

As Skylar Heart (Contemporary Romance, 18+)

Damaged Hearts Series

Scarred Cliff Serial

As Rosa Swann (Gay Romance, 18+)

Lunar Pack Serial

Feathers and Microphones Serial

Mated to the Alpha Serial

The Baby Pact Trilogy

Second Chance Mates Serial

Making a Family Serial

Omegas’ Destined Alpha Serial

The Vampire’s Past Trilogy

Blossoming of Fate Serial





