Come Home to Me


Second Chances Time Travel Romance Series, Book 1





Peggy L Henderson





This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination, or used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales, is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of the author.



Copyright © 2012 by Peggy L Henderson





Contents




Introduction





Chapter One



Chapter Two



Chapter Three



Chapter Four



Chapter Five



Chapter Six



Chapter Seven



Chapter Eight



Chapter Nine



Chapter Ten



Chapter Eleven



Chapter Twelve



Chapter Thirteen



Chapter Fourteen



Chapter Fifteen



Chapter Sixteen



Chapter Seventeen



Chapter Eighteen



Chapter Nineteen



Chapter Twenty



Chapter Twenty-One



Chapter Twenty-Two



Chapter Twenty-Three



Chapter Twenty-Four



Chapter Twenty-Five



Chapter Twenty-Six



Epilogue





Ain’t No Angel (Sneak Peak)





Introduction





Jake Owens is tired of the cowboy life on his parents’ Montana ranch, catering to city folk who want a taste of old-fashioned country living. He enjoys life in the fast lane, with fast cars and even faster women. When he falls in with the wrong crowd and is accused of murder, a stranger’s bizarre offer at a second chance might be his only hope to clear his name.

Rachel Parker is highly devoted to her family. A tragedy prompts a daring move to the Oregon Territory for a fresh start in a new land. After meeting the wagon train’s scout, the meaning of a fresh start may be more than she ever imagined.

Jake doesn't believe in time travel, or that he’s been sent back in time to act as scout for a wagon train along the Oregon Trail. He's also been given the added burden of keeping one emigrant woman safe during the journey. He and Rachel are confused by their attraction to each other. Jake’s ill-mannered, unconventional ways are overshadowed only by his notorious reputation. Rachel’s traditional values and quiet, responsible character are the complete opposite of what attracts Jake to a woman. When their forbidden attraction turns to love, what will happen at the end of the trail?



* * *



Other Titles in the Series (to date)

Come Home to Me

Ain’t No Angel

Diamond in the Dust



* * *



two more titles are in the works…



* * *



To be the first to hear about new book releases, special announcements, behind-the-scenes info, exclusive content, and deals via email please join my list of readers





Chapter One





“Didn’t I warn you that girl was trouble? Now look at the mess you’re in. First degree murder, Jake. You’re facing the death penalty.”

Jake Owens held the phone to his head, staring through the acrylic shield that separated him from the man glaring at him from the other side. He clutched at the phone until his knuckles turned white, and ground his teeth. He leaned forward, his nose almost touching the acrylic. The bright orange color of the jumpsuit he wore, marking him as a convict, reflected off the clear material.

“I only told Mama you got into a little trouble with the law before I flew out here. I sure as hell can’t tell her the truth.”

“I didn’t kill anyone, Tom,” Jake said, his tone clipped and harsh. He glared at his brother, his gaze unwavering. At least he didn’t think he’d killed anyone. He couldn’t be absolutely sure, though.

“The evidence says otherwise,” Tom said, his face just as hard. “I was at your arraignment yesterday, Jake. I heard what that lawyer said. You killed a clerk while robbing a liquor store.”

“And I’m tellin’ you I didn’t do it. That bitch set me up.” Jake’s voice grew loud and adamant, and he stood up from his seat. He leaned heavily on his right arm, his hand flat on the table, while the other gripped the phone. He wanted to leap through that barrier and wrap his hands around Tom’s neck, choke and shake some sense into him, and make him see the truth. Dammit! His own brother didn’t believe him. But what else was new.

“I don’t know how or if I’m gonna be able to raise that bail money, Jake. I know Mama and Daddy would sell the ranch to get you out of here, but I’m not gonna let them lose everything they’ve worked for their entire lives. Just because you had to go running off to the big city, because we weren’t good enough for you anymore.”

Jake cursed under his breath. He was tired of this argument. He’d left the family’s ranch in Montana more than six months ago, sick of slaving from morning ‘til night wrangling horses and steers, just so a bunch of city folk could get their jollies and pretend to live in the old west. He wanted out. He didn’t know what he wanted, but of one thing he was certain: his future didn’t include busting his butt on a Montana dude ranch for the rest of his life, catering to rich vacationers pretending to be cowboys. He was twenty-four years old, and even with his college degree in American History, had nothing to show for his life but calloused hands, several broken bones over the years, and a sore back. Surely there had to be another life out there for him, somewhere.

“I warned you not to go off with her,” Tom said, his eyes blazing in anger. Jake’s mind snapped back to the present. “But you refused to listen. That’s always been the trouble with you. Chasing skirts and having a good time. When are you gonna grow up and start using that brain in your head rather than the one between your legs?”

When that pretty little blonde filly from California had shown up to spend a week riding trail and playing cowgirl, Jake had seen his chance to get away. She was from Los Angeles, a world vastly different than his simple country upbringing in a small Montana ranching community.

Sandra. Jake was in lust with her the minute he set eyes on her. All the other hands ogled her, too. She drove him crazy in her tight jeans, and over the course of her weeklong stay on the ranch, fed his desires with wild abandon, and pleasured him in ways he’d never even imagined possible.

When she asked him to come with her to the big city, he hadn’t thought twice about it. Finally, he’d found his ticket out of a dull and uneventful life, and Jake seized his chance. Tom, his older brother by four years, tried to talk him out of it when Jake announced he was leaving the ranch for good. He’d stuffed as many belongings as he could fit into his black duffel bag, and hurried out the front door to Sandra waiting in her red Mustang Convertible. His luck had finally shifted. That 300 horsepower car was the only thing remotely reminiscent of an equine he wanted to be associated with from here on out.

Jake remembered his mother standing on the porch, a look of disbelief on her face, the tears shimmering in her eyes. He’d chosen to ignore it. His father’s face was set in a grim line, his disappointment clearly written on his face. He’d turned away and walked back into the house without a single word. Jake steeled his heart. The only one who had physically tried to stop him was Tom. He’d grabbed him by the shirt collar, and bared his teeth at him, a dark scowl on his face.

“What are you doing, boy?” he’d said. “You’re killing Mama and Daddy. After all they’ve done for you, suddenly we’re not good enough for you anymore? You’re just gonna up and run away with that --” he’d pointed his finger in the direction of the Mustang – “that city girl who you don’t even know?”

Jake could tell his brother wanted to use some choice unflattering words in his description of Sandra, but kept his thoughts to himself. Tom was always the calm and reasonable one, much more restrained and levelheaded. Jake clenched his jaw.

“Time’s up.”

Jake flinched at the sound of the warden’s stiff voice behind him. He relaxed his stance, and stood up straight, pushing the chair he’d sat in further back with the heel of his foot. In a way he was glad the conversation with his brother was over.

“Your lawyer’s here to see you,” the warden said. “Say your goodbyes to your visitor.”

“I’ll see what I can do about that bail, Jake,” Tom said into the receiver on his side of the plexiglass.

“Sure,” Jake said listlessly. “Gotta go. Tell Mama and Daddy I’m doing fine.” He didn’t wait for a reply, and hung the phone on the receiver. He turned and held his hands out to the warden, who wordlessly clipped the handcuffs around his wrists.

“Why is my public defender here to see me?” Jake turned to the warden, who ushered him out of the visitor room. “Yesterday at the arraignment, he acted as if the case was already lost.”

“Don’t know.” The warden shrugged in complete disinterest. He stuck a piece of chewing gum into his mouth, and the way his jaw moved up and down and in circles reminded Jake of a steer chewing on its afternoon cud. He led Jake down several corridors to what looked like another interrogation room, opened the door, and motioned for Jake to step in. Without following him inside, the warden closed the door behind him.

Jake looked around the sterile room. He moved toward the plain table in the center of the windowless cubicle. A man in an expensive-looking business suit stood from where he sat facing Jake. This wasn’t the man who had represented him yesterday at his arraignment. With a bright smile, the lawyer reached over the table, extending his hand. Jake leaned over the nondescript chair he stood next to.

“Jake Owens, it’s good to meet you,” he said brightly. Jake stared at the man. He had to lift both hands to shake the lawyer’s because of the handcuffs. The man’s grip was firm when he took Jake’s hand in his, and shook his arm up and down. The chains on the handcuffs rattled in response. Releasing his hand, the lawyer made a motion with a flick of his wrist for Jake to sit.

“You ain’t my lawyer.” Jake’s eyes narrowed, and he remained standing.

“Your public defender relinquished your case to me,” the man said. His cheerfulness grated on Jake’s nerves. “Have a seat, Jake. We have a lot to talk about.”

Jake’s lips curled in a mock smile. “What’s to talk about? I’m being accused of armed robbery and murder. The evidence says I did it.”

The lawyer eased back in his chair, looking up at him. He pressed the tips of his fingers together, creating a tent shape with his hands in front of him. His icy blue eyes stared directly into his soul. As if some invisible force compelled him, Jake sat on the chair behind him.

“Well, did you do it?” the lawyer asked, raising his bushy gray eyebrows. The top of his head was covered with a thick mop of salt and pepper colored hair that matched the expensive gray suit he wore. His tie was an electric blue that enhanced the color of his eyes. He leaned back in his chair, apparently in no hurry for Jake to reply.

“No, I --”

The lawyer’s eyebrows raised even higher, cutting Jake’s words off as if he’d been gagged. The man’s stare became more intense. Jake clenched his jaw, and inhaled a deep breath. “Hell, I don’t know,” he said coldly, and looked past the man to study the whitewashed brick wall behind him, just to avoid looking into the old man’s eyes.

“Your blood tests revealed cocaine in your system and a blood alcohol level of 0.20,” the lawyer said casually. “What do you have to say to that?”

Jake already knew what his blood tests revealed. He hadn’t been able to convince anyone yet that he hadn’t touched any drugs. Sandra had often coaxed him to try it, and he’d adamantly refused each time. One thing he was not going to do was poison his body with drugs.

True, he’d gone with her to her all-night drinking parties, and gotten drunk more than he’d ever gotten drunk in college, in an effort to please Sandra. An occasional beer with supper at home, or a couple of times when he’d been invited to a keg party at school, had been the extent of his alcohol consumption. He preferred to be sober when he was in the company of a girl. Sandra had introduced him to more exotic versions of alcohol than he could possibly remember. Doubt etched his mind. Could she have persuaded him to take drugs while he was drunk? He swore under his breath.

Anger consumed him, and his heart rate increased as the rage in him boiled. The blood vessels throbbed at his temples. Anger at his weakness where Sandra was concerned raged in him, but more so because his brother had been right. Sandra had turned out to be nothing but trouble. His life had spiraled downhill the minute he got to Los Angeles. Through his association with her, he’d gotten involved with the wrong people, and now he was paying the ultimate price.

“I don’t know what happened that night,” Jake grumbled, glancing back at the lawyer. “I don’t remember how cocaine got in me. I sure as hell don’t remember sniffing the stuff.”

“You were found passed out in the driver’s seat of a Ford Mustang that witnesses saw speeding away from the liquor store. The murder weapon was in your lap, your hand prints all over it.”

Jake knew all that. Shit. Why did the lawyer have to rehash everything that he’d already been told over and over again?

“Yeah, well, all I can think of is that that bit . . . Sandra set me up.” Jake vowed he was done with women. They were all conniving and manipulative, especially since his latest flame had turned out to be nothing but a whore and a lying bitch.

The lawyer sat up straight, and leaned forward. Damn! Those icy blue eyes were downright frightening. Why the hell did the guy have to stare at him like that? It was as if he knew exactly what was going on inside Jake’s head.

“You have experience with horses and cattle, don’t you?” the lawyer asked.

Jake coughed in surprise. He cocked an eyebrow. Where the hell did that question come from all of a sudden?

“Yeah, and if I never have to see another cow or horse in my lifetime, it won’t be soon enough.”

“You also have experience with shooting guns? Rifles? A colt?”

Now those questions made more sense. He was being asked if he had the know-how to fire that murder weapon.

“Yeah, I’ve gone big game hunting with my pa and brother since I was a little kid, and later on did some trick shooting to entertain the city slickers who came to my parents’ ranch.”

“You’ve led cattle drives through Montana? Shown inexperienced people the ropes? You’re familiar with the history of the westward movement along the Oregon and California Trails?”

Jake rolled his eyes. He ran a hand over his face. “Yeah, I done all that stuff.” He rested his arms on the table and leaned forward. “Look, I don’t see what any of that has to do with my case right now.”

The lawyer’s stare became more intense. “How would you like to make your troubles disappear?”

Jake laughed. “You implied yourself that the evidence was against me. I don’t remember what happened that night, so I can’t honestly say whether I killed that store clerk or not. If you’re some high-falutin’ lawyer, I can’t afford to pay you, and I ain’t gonna go running to my folks for help.”

“I’m offering you a second chance, Jake. A chance to make things right, and for you to start over.”

“And how are you gonna do that if I’m gonna be sittin’ on death row?” Jake raised his eyebrows in a mocking gesture.

“I have a group of families that need to go on a trip from Iowa to Oregon. I need someone to act as their guide. There’s one young lady in particular who can use a little looking after. Get them safely to their destination, and your troubles here will disappear.”

It was Jake’s turn to stare at the older man sitting across from him. There was no hint of mockery on his face, nothing to indicate he was joking.

“How are you gonna do all that? For starters, I’m in jail, and no one is bailing me out.”

“Oh, I’ll bail you out of jail. That’s the easy part,” the lawyer said brightly, and casually waved his hand in front of his face.

Jake’s eyes narrowed. “If I make bail, I can’t leave the state until my trial.”

“Let me worry about the details, Jake. Right now, I need to know if you’re willing to take the assignment I’ve offered.”

“Take a bunch of people cross-country? What, like on a road trip?”

“Something like that,” the lawyer said evasively. “The families’ safety is important, but even more important is that the young lady I mentioned, Rachel Parker, makes the journey safely. She needs someone special to look after her.”

Jake smirked. Yeah. He was just the person to make sure a woman’s safety was ensured.

“Sure, I’ll do it,” he said impulsively, and shrugged his shoulders. “When are you gonna get me out of here?”

“Tomorrow morning,” the lawyer said. He poured two glasses of water from a pitcher Jake only now noticed sitting on the table off to the side of the lawyer. Taking a long drink, the gray-haired man pushed one glass toward him. He held his glass up in a mock toast, and waited. Jake reached for the glass and drained the contents in one gulp.

The lawyer extended his hand to Jake again. “Get a good night’s sleep. You’re going to need it. Tomorrow’s going to be a busy day. If you succeed, you just might discover the life you’ve been searching for. If you fail –” the lawyer shrugged, and picked up his briefcase from the table. “If you fail, you’ll probably spend the next twenty or more years on death row.” He smiled one more time, then left the room without a backwards glance. Jake stared after him, and waited for the warden to take him back to his cell.





Chapter Two





“Yup, that’s him. Fits the description all right.”

“Sober him up, Jeb.”

Strange voices echoed in Jake’s mind, even as the blood pounded in his ears. His head felt as if his skull would split in two, and the only other times he could recollect such a feeling were the mornings after Sandra’s all night drinking parties. Damn! He never wanted to touch another drop of liquor in his life. How did he end up hung over this time? He groaned and rolled onto his back, and something jabbed him between the shoulder blades. He forced his eyes open, just as a wave of cold liquid washed over his face and chest. Jake sputtered and coughed, and leapt to his feet.

“What the hell,” he yelled, and swiped his hands across his face, then shook his head as water streamed off his hair.

“Sober up, son, you got a job to do.” One of the voices rang in his ear. Jake blinked the water from his eyes, and stared into the face of a man who looked like he walked right out of an episode of Little House on the Prairie. His tan trousers, the bottoms of which were stuffed inside a worn pair of leather boots, were held up by leather suspenders over a blue flannel shirt. A weathered-looking cowboy hat sat on the man’s head. His face betrayed no emotion under his walrus mustache.

“You sure this is the fella what’s gonna scout for us? He still looks wet behind the ears. I thought he’d be a mite older.” A second man stood alongside the first. He was dressed in a similar getup. A bushy black beard covered his entire face, and his huge belly protruded out and over his trousers. He hooked his thumbs through the straps of his suspenders.

“He came highly recommended by Reverend Johnson,” the man with the walrus mustache said. “Told us he was the best scout the other side of the Missouri. The only thing we need to be watchful of is our women and our liquor.” They both chuckled.

Jake stared from one man to the other. A horse neighed behind him, and shuffled through the thick straw bedding. His eyes narrowed. Where the hell was he? He’d fallen asleep on the uncomfortable mattress in his jail cell last night, thinking about his strange encounter with his new lawyer. He glanced around. He stood inside an old wooden barn, in a horse stall to be precise. The familiar pungent smell of horse sweat, manure, and hay permeated the air. The equine occupant of the stall chose that moment to blow hot air down Jake’s neck. He swatted an impatient hand at the horse’s nose to make the animal move away from him. He thought he’d seen the last of horses since leaving Montana. How did he get here?

“Where the hell am I?” Jake managed to say. His voice sounded hoarse and raspy, and he coughed to clear his throat. His fingers rubbed at his throbbing temples.

“Did you hear that, Jeb? He’s so dang hung over, he don’t even remember where he passed out last night.” The man with the mountain man beard said.

Jake stepped forward, and happened to glance down at his feet. He wore what looked like leather moccasins. His eyes traveled higher. To his amazement, he was no longer dressed in his orange jail suit. Instead, he had on leather britches, and his loosely fitting shirt was an off-white cotton material just a shade lighter than the buckskin. A leather belt was draped around his waist, and a knife hung in a leather sheath off one hip, a tomahawk off the other side. A revolver that looked like it came straight out of the 1800’s stuck in the belt just next to the buckle. Jake did a double take when he glanced closer at the gun. He was pretty sure it was a Colt Paterson, one of the earliest revolvers ever made.

“Will someone please tell me what the hell is going on here?” Jake growled, and swiped an impatient hand across his forehead as water continued to drip down his face.

“You’re Jake Owens, ain’t ya?” The black-bearded man asked, pointing a finger at him.

“Yeah.”

“Sober up, son. You need to attend the meetin’ before we head out. The wagon master wants to lay down the law before we hit the trail in the mornin’.”

The other man stuck his hand toward him, and Jake eyed it for a moment before he offered his own hand for a shake. “I’m Jeb Miller, and this here is Elijah Edwards.” He jutted his chin out toward Blackbeard. “Us and our families are heading this outfit, and there’s twelve other families goin’ with us.”

“They says you shoot and ride better’n any man, and can read trail and talk to the injuns. We’s lucky you agreed to sign on with us and guide our wagons to the Oregon country,” Blackbeard chimed in.

Jake stared blankly from one man to the other. Comprehension began to dawn on him. This was some sort of re-enactment troupe, retracing the Oregon Trail. He’d heard of such groups. Some of them went all out to make it as authentic as possible. What he still didn’t understand was how he ended up here without his knowledge. If he was truly in Iowa, how did he get here?

He suddenly remembered that cup of water the lawyer had offered him yesterday. Had he somehow been drugged? Jake cursed under his breath. This was the second time he’d allowed someone to drug him, and he’d woken up in a place without any recollection of prior events. He eyed the pistol sticking out of his belt. Had he shot someone else without his knowledge?

These two men in front of him didn’t give any indication that he’d committed a criminal act, only that he’d passed out drunk in this barn. Another thing he didn’t recollect; drinking. Jake clenched his jaw and cursed his lawyer to hell and back. Something had to have been in that water. Jake’s fingers tingled, and he pictured wrapping his hands around the man’s neck and squeezing.

“Who is Reverend Johnson, and where can I find him?” Jake asked. These men had said the reverend recommended him for something. Maybe the man could give him some answers.

“He’s over at the church, I reckon,” Jeb Miller replied. “Said he’d be out after the meeting to bless the wagon train.”

“And where’s the church?”

“Just up the street, past the mercantile.” Jeb pointed with his finger. “But the meetin’ is the other way.”

Jake didn’t give a damn about any meeting. He hurried past the two would-be pioneers, and pushed the barn door open. He squinted into the bright light, and held his hand over his forehead to shield his eyes from the sun.

He coughed at the dust in the air. Horses whinnied, and the sound of hooves on dirt greeted him, along with the jingle of harness. An old wooden buckboard pulled by a team of mules rolled past him, and Jake blinked several times. This couldn’t be a real town in Iowa. He’d never been there before, but he was reasonably sure that the cities in this state didn’t have dirt streets, and mules heading down the road.

This was a pretty impressive re-enactment town. People on the streets were all dressed in 1800’s attire. Men rode horses up the street, and several more wagons passed him. Jake strode out into the middle of the road and looked both ways. A large cross atop a log structure at what appeared to be the end of town stood out against the rest of the buildings.

Jake hurried toward the church. One thing he didn’t notice as he passed storefronts was tourists. Usually places such as this teemed with out-of-town vacationers eager to soak up what the re-enactors were doing. He didn’t see a parking lot or cars, either, as he approached the end of town.

The church was a one-room log building, and Jake took the four wooden steps leading to the front door two at a time. He slowly opened the door and stepped into the dimly lit room. Six rows of pews lined either side of the room, and a small wooden pulpit with a simple wooden cross mounted on the top stood at the front. Several lit candles flickered along the back wall, and the only other light in the room came from the sun’s rays streaming in long golden ribbons through one large glass-paned window on the left wall.

Walking into this building gave Jake an uneasy feeling. It had been a long time since he’d set foot inside a church.

“Reverend Johnson?” he called tentatively, even though he didn’t see anyone in the room. A man in a black suit materialized from between the first two pews, groaning and shuffling on the wood floor.

“Yes?” he called, and turned his head. The preacher groaned again and stood to his feet.

“You!” Jake rushed to the front of the room. He couldn’t believe his eyes. It was his lawyer!

“Jake Owens. Glad you could make it,” the reverend said cheerfully. His blue eyes traveled up and down Jake’s physique. “Those buckskins look good on you.”

Jake clenched his jaw, and balled his hands at his sides. His muscles tensed with the urge to grab the man by his white collar and demand some answers. It was just that white collar that stopped him from carrying out his thoughts.

“What the hell is going on here, Reverend?” Jake ground out between clenched teeth. “What did you put into that glass of water yesterday? Or should I ask how long I’ve been passed out?”

“Take it easy, Jake,” the reverend said calmly, and scooted out from between the pews and into the center aisle. “Have a seat.” He motioned to the first row of benches.

“I want some answers, and I want them now,” Jake demanded heatedly. “I don’t take kindly to being drugged. You should know that.”

“I didn’t drug you. Not the way you’re thinking.”

Jake’s eyes narrowed. “But you did put something in that water,” he accused.

“Only to get you here,” the reverend said in his calm and casual tone that grated on Jake’s nerves worse than nails on a chalkboard. “Believe me, son, it’s a much smoother trip when you’re not aware of it.”

“Aware of what? Where exactly is here?”

“You’re in Kannesville, Iowa. You agreed to lead some families to Oregon, remember?”

“How did I get here without my knowledge? You never mentioned this was some kind of re-enactment troupe I’d be dealing with. I thought you knew I was tired of dealing with a bunch of city folk playing cowboy.”

“Who said anything about re-enactment, Jake? These people are all honest, hardworking farmers and their families who want a new start in a new land. They might even teach you a thing or two.”

Jake laughed. “You’re talking as if this is all real.”

The reverend smiled softly, indulgently. “It is real, Jake.”

Jake rolled his eyes. A sudden thought occurred to him. “Did my brother put you up to this?” It would be just like Tom to try and teach him a lesson.

The reverend slowly shook his head. “This is your doing, Jake. You wanted a new life. You’ve been wandering, searching for something, and I thought I’d give you a hand before you slip even more off the beaten path.”

Jake laughed. “How can I slip even more when I’m looking at the death penalty? How much worse can my life get?” Despite himself, Jake lowered himself onto the bench, and rubbed at his throbbing temples. How did this man know that he had been struggling with finding himself?

“There’s a meeting called by the wagon master in a few minutes, and you, as the hired on scout of this outfit, are expected to attend.”

Jake raised his head. The reverend stood before him, looking down at him like his mother always did years ago when he hadn’t completed an assigned chore.

“You misled me. I don’t want to do this. I wanted to get away from the old ‘lets pretend we’re in the 1800’s’ lifestyle. If you know so much about me and what I want, you’ll know that this is exactly what I don’t want.”

“You have no choice now, Jake. It’s too late to turn back. The only way you can return to your time, and be rid of all your troubles there, is to complete this assignment.”

“My time?” Jake sat up straight. The reverend took a seat next to him, and put a hand on his shoulder.

“Jake, this is Iowa, 1848. No one here is pretending anything. This is the real deal.”

“I’ve heard enough,” Jake scoffed, and jumped to his feet. “I’m heading back to that barn I woke up in. Maybe another nice nap, and I’ll wake up from this nightmare.” He headed for the door.

“The only way you’ll return to your time, Jake, is to get these folks, and especially Rachel Parker, to their destination. There is no other way home,” the reverend called to him.

Jake stopped, closed his eyes, and took a deep breath. He clenched his jaw, and his hands fisted tightly at his sides. His head pounded worse than before. If he hadn’t been standing in a house of worship, he would hurl a few choice words at the crazy old man behind him.

“You’ll be back to hear me out, but until then, do yourself a favor and go along with what people say to you.”

Jake stopped, and listened to the reverend without turning around to face him.

“Don’t try and convince anyone that you’re from the future, or you’ll most likely end up in jail here as well.”

Jake pulled the door open, and headed out into the bright sunlight. He had to get away from this crazy nightmare. He glanced left and right, trying to decide what to do and where to go. There had to be a phone around here somewhere. The church was the last building in this little town. A dirt road marred by countless wagon ruts led to . . . he had no idea where. There was nothing but open prairie in that direction. The other way led through town.

Jake decided to head back toward the barn he’d woken up in at the other end of town. Maybe the parking lot was in that direction, and he could ask someone for a ride to the nearest real town. This re-enactment town looked to have been erected out in the middle of nowhere.

He dodged riders, and horse or mule-drawn wagons as he walked up the street, glancing at the log buildings on either side. He didn’t spot a payphone anywhere. Men and women walked along the hard-packed dirt roads, all dressed in authentic-looking period outfits, carrying on as he would expect townsfolk in the 1840’s to do.

When he approached the livery at the other end of town, Jake noticed more than a dozen or so Conestoga-type wagons parked in a field some 100 yards past the outskirts. A large white tent was erected off to the side, and several men and a few women mingled around in front. He recognized Elijah Edwards with his bushy black beard and huge beer belly as one of the men, and Jake preferred to avoid him.

Was the parking lot somewhere beyond the wagons? Jake headed for them, hoping to see some signs of modern civilization. Maybe one of the re-enactors had a cell phone. A few men, but mostly women and children, moved about. Women tended to cooking fires, children ran around chasing each other, and a few men inspected wagon wheels or axles. Wooden crates, burlap sacks, furniture, and other items were piled along several of the wagons.

Women glanced up from their chores, frowns on their faces when he walked past, and several young girls put their heads together, giggling. A couple of men nodded to him. Jake didn’t stop to talk to anyone. Looking beyond the last wagon parked in the field, he scanned into the distance and all around. Nothing. No road, at least not the paved kind, no cars, and no sounds of anything modern. Cows, sheep, and oxen grazed the lush green grasses further off in the distance.

A child yelled out, and Jake turned his head in the direction of the noise. Along the side of the last wagon sat three small children, playing with sticks in the dirt. The youngest, a little boy Jake judged to be no older than two, adamantly grabbed for a piece of wood that another boy, probably twice his age, pulled away. The little kids weren’t what caught Jake’s attention, however.

A woman stood, fastening something to the side of the wagon. She turned to give her attention to the crying boy at her feet. She looked young. Jake figured she couldn’t be older than nineteen or twenty. His gaze dropped to the kids in the dirt, then back up at her. Wisps of her chestnut hair came loose from her long braid that fell down her back nearly to her waist, caressing her face in the breeze. Unlike the rest of the women he’d seen, she didn’t wear a bonnet. She shook her head, and stood into the wind so that her hair blew out of her face. Her plain brown cotton dress hugged her legs as it fluttered in the breeze.

Jake stood, mesmerized. She smiled and laughed with the little kids. Jake wished he stood close enough to see what color her eyes were. She glanced up, still smiling, and her gaze met his for the briefest of seconds. The smile froze on her face, and she quickly looked away. Something in Jake’s chest constricted at that moment.

What the hell are you thinking? After that disaster with Sandra, you’re already ogling another female.

“Mr. Owens,” a stern voice grumbled next to him. Jake tore his eyes off the pretty girl, and looked down at a squat man who barely reached Jake’s shoulders in height. He wore a brown cotton suit, and clutched a hat to his head, trying to prevent it from blowing off in the wind. Jake raised his eyebrows expectantly at the man.

“Mr. Owens, Mr. Wilson, the wagon master wants to get the meeting started, and asked me to find you. Your presence is requested to put the minds at ease of some of the men about the journey. The meeting is over yonder, in that white tent.” The man pointed in the direction Jake had just come from.

Jake glanced at the girl by the wagon again. She knelt down, wiping at the smallest little boy’s face with a white rag.

“You’d best not get caught looking at the ladies on this trip, Mr. Owens,” the squat man said in an authoritative voice. “Especially not the married ones. We’ve all heard of your reputation, not only as a scout, but also with women.” He jutted his chin in the pretty girl’s direction.

“Who is she?” Jake asked, despite the obvious warning.

“That’s Mrs. Rachel Parker.” The squat little man emphasized the Mrs.

Rachel Parker! Jake stared at her again. The girl he was supposed to get safely to Oregon? She was married? Just his dumb luck. He could see himself staring down some jealous husband’s rifle barrel just for looking at her. Why did Johnson say that she needed looking after if she had a husband?

Jake stopped his train of thought. He wasn’t going to Oregon. He wasn’t leading a mock wagon train. He was getting the hell out of here.

“Come along, Mr. Owens, before the wagon master tans both our hides for being late to the meeting.”

With a final glance at Rachel Parker, Jake turned and, against his better judgment, followed the garden gnome back toward town.





Chapter Three





Rachel Parker scooped up little David, and balanced him on her hip. The boy sniffed, and wrapped his pudgy arms around her neck. She ventured a quick glance over her shoulder. Short Mr. Sanders was walking away with the broad-shouldered man she’d caught looking at her. From a distance, except for his short dark hair, he looked like one of them savage Indians she’d heard and read about.

He wore fringed buckskin pants, and a homespun cotton shirt that was gathered together at the waist by a wide leather belt, and below his neck by simple tie strings. Weapons hung from all sides off his belt. Instead of leather boots, he wore Indian-style moccasins. He didn’t look all that friendly, and that dark stare of his seemed to weigh right on her shoulder as if he’d reached out and touched her. Was he the scout everyone had been talking about? She had felt his intense eyes on her after David started crying, and despite the impropriety, she’d been compelled to look in his direction.

“Ma – ma,” David cooed against her neck, and Rachel smiled. She hugged the little boy close, then set him down on the ground.

“Tommy. Billy,” she said, and waited for the two boys playing with marbles in the dirt to look up at her. “Could you take David over to Mrs. Edwards’ wagon, and ask if he can play with their puppies? I really need to get some of these things loaded into the wagon, and with the three of you under foot, I won’t be able to get anything done.”

“Where’s Papa?” Billy, the oldest at five years asked, and looked around.

“I don’t know.” Rachel sighed. “Most likely he’s with the other men, waiting for the meeting to get started.” She tried to sound cheerful for the boys’ sake. She hoped Thomas was with the other men, although she doubted it. He was more than likely over at the saloon. His drinking had gotten worse over the months, instead of better, ever since . . . Rachel had hoped that the idea of going west, starting a new life, would cheer him up, but it hadn’t helped. His loss was still too fresh in his mind. Time would have to heal his wounds and help him forget.

The boys scurried off, David toddling after them. Hopefully the puppies would entertain them all long enough for her to get some of their belongings and provisions packed. She couldn’t count on Thomas to show up and lend a hand, and everything had to be ready come morning when they headed out. Whatever wasn’t packed in the wagon by nightfall would be left behind.

After the boys disappeared between two other wagons, Rachel inhaled a deep breath, and climbed up into the bed of her rig. If she got lucky, she might have an hour to herself to pack without the children underfoot. She began by rearranging the bedding and the children’s clothing, condensing as much as she could into one wooden trunk. After making room for the heavier supply boxes and sacks stacked outside, she lowered the wagon’s tailgate, and climbed down. Her hand slipped and caught on the metal hinge. Rachel hissed and pulled her hand away. Blood dripped freely from her palm. She grabbed for the rag she’d used to wipe David’s face earlier, and wrapped it around the wound. Her pulse throbbed strong in her hand, and the burn increased with every minute.

There was no sense worrying about it. She had to get her wagon packed. The bleeding would stop, but the throbbing only increased. Rachel eyed the heavy sacks of flour on the ground. Waiting for the pain to subside, she glanced around the clearing. She noticed some of the men return from the white tent that the wagon master, Mr. Wilson, had erected as headquarters for himself. With some regret, she wished now that she had attended that meeting. She was reasonably sure Thomas hadn’t been there, and wished fervently that he would be here now to help her load their supplies.

Rachel stared again at the pile of their belongings and provisions in front of her. The pain in her hand had not let up. Taking a deep breath, she bent over and wrapped her arms around the first flour sack. With a groan, she tried to straighten her back with the heavy sack in her arms, and fought to raise it to waist level. Under normal circumstances, this wouldn’t be such a problem, but she didn’t have full use of her hand. If she could lift the sack to the tailgate’s height, she could push it onto the wagon. She gritted her teeth, and squeezed her eyes shut momentarily. This was only the first of eight of these fifty-pound sacks she had to lift, and she was already struggling.

Rachel’s arms trembled, and she was sure she was about to drop the sack now that it was inches from the wagon, when her load suddenly became light as a feather. A pair of strong arms lifted the sack away from her, and easily swung in onto the tailgate. The wagon creaked and swayed slightly from the added weight. Startled by the unexpected help, she glanced to her side, just as her hips and thighs bumped against the solid form of a man. A pair of deep brown eyes met her stare. She inhaled the clean scent of leather along with something spicy she had never smelled before. It was not at all unpleasant.

“Looks like you needed a hand, ma’am,” the man said, and the corners of his lips rose in a grin that looked much too wicked.

Rachel took an involuntary step back, the air suddenly leaving her lungs. Her heart began to beat faster, and she swallowed the unexpected lump in her throat. The man she’d seen earlier from a distance, the one she assumed was the wagon train’s scout, now stood mere inches from her. He was the most handsome man she had ever gazed upon.

“Th . . . thank you,” she stammered, feeling foolish at her silly reaction.

“No problem,” he drawled casually, and tipped his index and middle finger against his temple. Rachel wondered at the odd gesture, while mesmerized by his deep and sensuous voice. He jutted his chin at the stacks of flour sacks and boxes on the ground a few feet away.

“Need help loading this stuff?” he asked as if in passing.

His words, the way he spoke, sounded odd, and Rachel wondered if that was how men conversed out west. She hesitated, unsure of whether to accept his help. She flexed her fingers, and her palm throbbed. If she declined his offer, she would have to try again to load everything herself. She certainly couldn’t wait for Thomas to return, and even when he did, he would most likely be too drunk to be of much help.

“Better put something on that cut, or it might get infected.” He pointed at her wrapped hand. “In any case, it don’t look like you’ll be doing much lifting for the next day or so.”

The man’s eyes locked on hers. Rachel had to look away. His unwavering stare was too unsettling. She blinked, and lowered her gaze to the ground. She’d heard the talk about this man’s reputation of carousing with women. If she accepted his help without Thomas’ presence, would her own reputation be sullied? Gossip abounded in the wagon train camps, and no doubt word would spread fast that she had been alone in the company of the scout.

Rachel lifted her chin, and smiled at the man. She couldn’t worry about the busy bodies in camp. They certainly weren’t going to help her load her wagon.

“I would be much obliged for your help, Mr. . . .”

“Jake Owens.” He held out his hand to her.

“Thank you, Mr. Owens,” she said, and slipped her hand into his for a quick shake. His fingers closed around hers, and her entire arm began to tingle from his touch.

“Call me Jake,” he said. His eyes were still on her. Rachel pulled her hand from his grip, her heart hammering in her chest and up into her throat. Goodness! Those eyes and that smile took her breath away. She could understand how he was able to charm the ladies. She wouldn’t dare do as he suggested. Calling him by his given name would be much too forward.

“I’m Rachel Parker,” she offered, to be polite.

“I know who you are,” he said as if he was merely commenting on the weather, and the smile on his face widened. Rachel stared at the dimples in his cheeks, momentarily shocked at his words.

“That squat little man, Mr. Sanders, gave me your name,” he said before she had a chance to respond.

“Oh,” she stammered, taken aback. Her pulse rate increased again. Rachel suddenly regretted accepting his offer of assistance. Why would Mr. Sanders give this man her name without a proper introduction? She twisted her hands in a knot in front of her. She usually didn’t get this tongue-tied or nervous in front of another person.

“He also told me you were married, and warned me to stay away,” Jake . . . Mr. Owens said slowly. He took a step toward her, closing the distance between them that she’d created moments before when she backed away from him. Rachel was compelled to look up into his eyes. Her breath caught in her throat.

“I know what folks here say about me,” he continued, his dark eyes staring straight into her. “Some of it might be true, most of it probably isn’t, but I can’t tell people what to think.”

Rachel sensed a sudden bitterness in his voice. She swallowed back the lump in her throat. She herself was guilty of making assumptions about him based on talk she’d heard.

“So I’m wondering,” he added in his slow drawl, and leaned toward her, “where’s your husband? Why isn’t he here helping you?”

“Thomas?” she managed to produce, but her voice sounded more like a squeaky barn mouse. She glanced around nervously, hoping no one saw her, while at the same time wishing another person would interrupt them. Jake Owens was the most forward and intimidating man she’d ever met.

“Your husband’s name is Tom?” His eyes turned hard, and the muscles along his jaw tightened.

“Thomas,” she corrected on impulse.

“My brother’s name is Tom,” Mr. Owens said, almost to himself. He raked his fingers through his short hair, then flashed her another smile that looked forced. His eyes fell on the items that needed loading into the wagon.

“What would you like loaded first?” he asked. His voice had gone as cold as his facial features.

He hadn’t waited for a response to his first question, Rachel realized with some relief. How would she have answered? That Thomas was more than likely at the saloon, drowning his sorrows in a bottle? Many people from their group already knew about Thomas’ drinking habits. It would be only a matter of time before everyone found out. Rachel desperately hoped that once they were on their way, he would forget about the liquor, and take an interest in his family again.

“Rach . . . Mrs. Parker?” Mr. Owens’ brows rose, waiting for her reply to his earlier question.

“Please . . . the flour first.” Rachel stammered. She shook her head slightly. She was making a complete fool of herself. The way her mind turned to churned butter in Mr. Owens’ presence was downright embarrassing. He’d almost called her by her first name.

He lifted one flour sack after another into the wagon without any effort at all. It took him no more than five minutes. She would certainly be struggling with the first or second sack at this point.

“What now?” he asked, wiping the back of his hand across his forehead.

“If it’s not too much trouble, I need to store the sacks under the top floor of the wagon, and then these boxes on top.” Rachel pointed to the boxes filled with sacks of salt, dried beans, salted pork, bacon, a few dozen precious eggs she’d packed in cornmeal, dried fruit, and the rest of the food supplies she’d purchased. The proprietor of the mercantile had delivered the supplies, but he had refused to stack them in the wagon. Ideally, all these items should have been purchased back in Springfield, but Thomas had been a poor planner for this trip, and Rachel had only found out after their arrival here in Kannesville that they were severely short on most supplies other than those she had stored away over the winter.

In less than an hour, Mr. Owens had her wagon packed. No sooner had he finished, when Mrs. Edwards sauntered toward her, Billy, Tommy, and David in tow. Her skirts swished in the breeze while her hips wiggled from side to side. The buxom woman’s eyes widened when Mr. Owens hopped from the tailgate of the wagon, landing a few inches from Rachel’s side.

“Ma - ma – ma - ma,” David gurgled loudly, and toddled toward her. Rachel knelt down. The little boy fell into her outstretched arms, and she hugged him close.

“Were you a good boy for Mrs. Edwards, my angel?”

“Puppy,” David said against her ear.

Rachel stood to her feet, and David wrapped his legs around her waist like a monkey she’d seen at the circus a few years ago. She balanced him on her hip, and smiled at Mrs. Edwards. The woman’s hands were fisted at her own hips, and she wore a disapproving scowl on her face. Her eyes darted from Rachel to Mr. Owens.

“Your boys are complaining that they are hungry, Mrs. Parker,” Mrs. Edwards said in an accusatory voice. “I’ve got too much to do to feed them right now.”

“I was just about to start fixing supper,” Rachel said, meeting the woman’s judgmental stare. “No need to worry. I don’t allow the boys to starve.”

Mrs. Edwards puffed up her cheeks. “I was not insinuating that you starved your children, Mrs. Parker. Would you like Mr. Edwards to fetch your husband from the saloon? He ought to be here loading your wagon.” The woman’s eyes blazed triumphantly, and she raised her chin in a haughty gesture. Rachel groaned silently.

“As you can see, Mrs. Edwards,” Rachel pointed at the empty space beside her wagon where an hour ago her supplies were stacked, “my supplies are packed, thanks to Mr. Owens. No need to trouble your husband.” She smiled sweetly at the irritating woman. “Thank you for allowing the boys to play with your puppies. If you’ll excuse me, I’ve got supper to prepare.”

Rachel turned, and set David on the ground. Anger flooded her, and heat crept up her neck and into her cheeks. She wanted to give the old ninny a piece of her mind, and at the same time hide under the covers in the wagon from embarrassment. Thomas’ whereabouts were obviously common knowledge, and the old bat had said it right in front of the scout. Why this mattered, Rachel couldn’t say. Worse, however, was that the woman had to say it in the presence of Billy and Tommy. The boys were old enough to understand what a saloon was.

“I think I saw your husband talking to Reverend Johnson a little while ago, before the meeting started, Mrs. Parker.”

Hearing the familiar deep drawl behind her, Rachel turned so fast she almost lost her balance. Stunned, she gaped at Jake Owens. Why would he lie for her?

“I’ll go see if he’s still at the church. I need to have a word with the reverend myself.” He flashed her a brilliant smile again, and Rachel could have sworn he winked at her.

“Ma’am,” he said, nodding at Mrs. Edwards as he walked off. Rachel stared after him.

“Mr. Owens,” she called, and took an impulsive step forward. He turned, and their eyes met. “Supper will be ready in about an hour. Please . . . we would be honored to have you join us.”

Rachel held her breath. He looked at her for what seemed like an eternity. Then he nodded, and turned toward town. She watched him walk away, ignoring Mrs. Edwards telling her to have a good day.





Chapter Four





“Reverend,” Jake called loudly before he even pulled open the door to the church. It took a few seconds for his eyes to adjust to the dim room. The white-collared man was stacking a pile of Bibles on the front pew. He looked up, and a wide smile spread across his face.

“I didn’t expect you back quite so soon, Jake,” he said cheerfully. “How did the meeting go?”

Jake hurried up the aisle to stand before the reverend. He ignored the man’s question. “Okay, you got my attention. I’m ready to listen. But first; who are you?” He stared down into the shorter man’s steely-blue eyes. A shiver ran down his spine. Did he really want to know? The man smiled, showing a row of perfect white teeth.

“I’m your friend.” Reverend Johnson placed his hand on Jake’s upper arm.

“My friends don’t drug me and tell me I’ve been transported back in time by more than 150 years,” Jake sneered.

“No,” the reverend said in his annoyingly calm manner. “Your friends drug you and then frame you for murder.”

Jake cursed under his breath. He looked into the man’s eyes. “How do you know I was framed? I didn’t kill that store clerk, did I?”

The reverend shook his head. “And I’ll clear your name. After you guide these good people to their destination.”

Jake raked his fingers through his hair. He didn’t know what to think. At once, relief flooded his mind. He hadn’t killed anyone. But who was this man standing in front of him? He didn’t want to explore the possibilities that floated through his mind.

“Why me?” he asked.

The reverend kept smiling. He applied pressure with his hand on Jake’s arm, and Jake sat on the bench next to the stack of Bibles, eyeing them warily. “I offer second chances to a select few who struggle with finding their way. That’s all you need to know about me. This is your opportunity to turn your life around.”

“How is . . . time traveling to the past” – Jake laughed, not believing he even said those words – “going to turn my life around? I’ve been trying to get away from living the old west lifestyle.”

“Oh, I think you’re mistaken.” The reverend waved his hand dismissively in front of him.

Jake tensed. Why the non-answers? Blue eyes like the summer sky suddenly flashed in his mind. “Who is Rachel Parker?”

“You’ve met her, have you?” Johnson’s perpetual smile widened. Jake wished he could wipe the smugness off the man’s face.

“Why even ask since you obviously already know the answer,” Jake scoffed.

“What did you think of her?” The reverend sat down next to Jake, his forehead wrinkled expectantly. Jake envisioned the man wiggling his eyebrows at him in a suggestive manner. How the hell was he supposed to answer that?

“Suppose I believe you . . . that this is 1848,” Jake said slowly, “and Rachel Parker isn’t part of some re-enactment group. Why does she need looking after? She’s got a husband.” Jake lifted his eyes to meet the old man’s icy blue ones.

The reverend inhaled deeply. “Rachel Parker is a good woman. This journey might test her like nothing before. She’s had a lot of responsibility in her life for such a young lady, and she deserves better. I just thought she could use some extra looking after.”

Jake ran his hand through his hair. He shook his head, and chuckled.

“And I’m the guy to see to that? Reverend, I assume you’re the one who spread those rumors about me, that I’m some notorious skirt chaser.” He paused. The unmistakable look of well, aren’t you? spread across the reverend’s face. Jake ignored it. “What makes you think I’m the sort of guy to keep a wholesome girl like her . . . well, wholesome?”

“I have a feeling you’ll do the right thing, Jake.” Johnson patted him on the knee, like an indulgent grandfather would. He rubbed his chin between his thumb and index finger. “Just consider her your extra credit assignment.”

As if a light bulb had gone off in his head, he asked, “Is she from the future, like me?”

“No.” The reverend shook his head. “Rachel is right where she belongs. Fate has dealt her a difficult hand.”

“Her husband is a drunk. I haven’t even met the man, and I don’t like him.” Jake didn’t hide the disgust in his voice. Running his hands through his hair, he bent forward, resting his elbows on his knees. A spider scurried across the well-worn wooden floorboards at his feet. Abruptly, he looked up and turned his head toward the reverend.

“By asking me to pretend to be this competent wagon train scout, you are condemning a bunch of people to die. Do you realize that?” Jake stood, anger building up inside him. How was he supposed to get a large group of people through the wilderness of the nineteenth century? If he really had time traveled, this would be an impossible undertaking. “I don’t have the first clue how to get from Iowa to Oregon in the 1800’s.”

The reverend patted his back. “I have a map here for you, Jake,” he said. He reached for one of the Bibles, opened it, and produced a folded-up piece of parchment. “This is the route you’ll be following. Study it well. This is a handy little map.”

Jake took the faded brown paper, and stared at it without unfolding it. “That’s it? A map is all you’re giving me?” He turned his head and gaped dumbfounded at the older man. “Are you going on this trip?” He straightened his back.

“No, Jake.” The reverend shook his head slowly. “You’re on your own. You will meet me again at the end of your journey.”

“And if I refuse to do this? Am I stuck here?”

“I suppose I can send you back to your jail cell in your time, and you will be convicted of first degree murder with special circumstances. I believe you understand what that means.”

Yeah. It meant life on death row. “You’re crazy, you know that?” Jake paced the floor in front of the reverend. He could rot in a jail cell for the rest of his life, or he could die here in the nineteenth century. “Some choice,” he mumbled. “I don’t even know why I’m agreeing to do this.” Rachel Parker’s blue eyes flashed in his mind.

The reverend’s knowing smile widened.



*****

“Mr. Owens?”

Rachel hesitantly opened the door to the barn, and tightened her grip on the basket in her hand. The hinges on the wooden door creaked loudly. Tommy and Billy whispered behind her, and David held on to her skirt. Tommy boldly stepped around her, and peered into the dark interior.

“Maybe he’s not here,” Billy suggested, pushing his brother aside to get a better look. Tommy elbowed him in the chest, and a scuffle ensued, each boy wanting the best vantage point.

“Stop fighting, you two,” Rachel whispered. She waited for the kids to come to an agreement, which more or less meant that Billy, being older and a bit larger, had the better view.

“Mr. Edwards told me this is where I’d find him.” She pulled the door open wider, and stepped inside. Her heart rate increased suddenly. When she’d inquired with Mr. Edwards about where to find Jake Owens, Mrs. Edwards’ eyes had shot up, and her lips pursed in disapproval. Apparently the woman doubted Rachel’s explanation that she simply wanted to bring him some food to thank him for his help with loading her wagon this afternoon.

The rumors would surely start flying in the morning. She rolled her eyes, and envisioned Mrs. Edwards, the old ninny, chomping at the bit to share her suspicions with some of the other ladies in camp. Well, if anyone wanted to talk behind her back, they could. She’d brought the boys along for appearances. Surely even Mrs. Edwards would see that Rachel couldn’t possibly be meeting a man in secret with a toddler and two rambunctious boys in tow. She simply wanted to reward one kind deed with another. Supper was the least she could do for the scout after he’d been so helpful.

Rachel adjusted the basket handle in her hand. She wondered again why Mr. Owens hadn’t shown up for supper at the wagon. She had been under the impression that he had accepted her invitation. She stepped into the barn, pushing Billy and Tommy inside the dim space ahead of her. David grabbed tightly to her skirt.

While Rachel allowed her eyes to adjust to the shadowy light in the barn, Tommy and Billy scurried amongst the stalls like a couple of field mice in search of a morsel of food.

“Here he is,” both boys shouted at once. Rachel stepped forward. She hadn’t seen anyone. She heard a string of curses that made heat rise in her face. Seconds later, the figure of a man emerged from an empty stall, and she quickly suppressed a gasp. Mr. Owens was bare above the waist. He raked his fingers through his hair, and stalks of straw fell to the ground. He’d obviously been asleep. Was he sleeping off alcohol, just like Thomas was doing at this very moment?

“Rachel?” He blinked, and rubbed at his eyes with fisted hands. His speech sounded raspy. He took a few steps out of the stall to stand before her.

Rachel tried to swallow the apprehension in her throat, but her mouth had gone painfully dry. She averted her eyes, and held the basket in front of her. The familiarity with which he spoke her name unnerved her. Tommy and Billy mumbled in hushed tones behind him, pointing at things she couldn’t see.

“I brought you some supper,” she said, and held the basket up higher for him to take.

Mr. Owens stared rather dumbfounded from the basket to her. He slapped his hand against his forehead. “Ah, hell. I must have fallen asleep. I’m sorry I missed supper.”

“I understand,” she said. To her relief, he didn’t sound drunk. She held the basket out to him, grateful that he finally took it from her. His fingers grazed hers during the exchange, and she quickly pulled her hand back. The brief contact sent a tingle through her fingers, and her heart rate increased again. Confused at her reaction, she averted her eyes.

“You didn’t have to bring me food,” Mr. Owens said.

“It’s the least I could do after all your help this afternoon.” She shrugged. David tugged on her skirts, and Rachel sighed in relief, glad for the diversion. She bent and swung the boy into her arms, resting him on her hip.

“Well, we’ll be going.” She turned to leave. “Enjoy your supper. And . . . we’re sorry for disturbing your sleep.”

“Wait.” Mr. Owens reached out and touched her arm. The heat from his hand seeped straight through the cotton material of her blouse, and into her skin. Rachel glanced up, and tried desperately to avoid looking at the wide expanse of the man’s shoulders, or the well-defined muscles in his arms. Jake Owens was obviously a man who’d worked hard all his life.

“You bring me food, and then expect me to eat it alone?” He grinned, and took another step closer.

“We’ve already eaten,” she said, taking a step back to maintain a safe distance. She raised her chin, just as David pulled on the pins in her hair, which fell loosely down her back and over her shoulders.

Mr. Owens’ smile faded. His eyes roamed over her, and lingered on her hair. His jaw muscles twitched in his cheeks.

“How’s the hand?” he asked, clearing his throat.

Rachel flexed her bandaged hand, staring at it to avoid looking at him. “On the mend.”

“Looks like you got a lot on your plate.” He grinned that wickedly handsome grin, and jutted his chin toward David, and then at Tommy and Billy. “What would make you want to pick up the life you know and travel cross country into the unknown, especially with three little kids?”

“Do you have a problem with wanting to find a better life somewhere, Mr. Owens?” Rachel raised her chin. Why would he ask such a question? Didn’t most people wish for better opportunities?

“Seems to be an extreme way to find a better life.” He shrugged.

“What about you?” she dared to ask. “What makes a man want to wander, rather than set down roots somewhere?”

Her question apparently struck a nerve, just as his reference to his brother had done earlier. His face hardened, and his jaw clenched. “Guess I ain’t found a good enough reason to settle down.”

“Did you really kill five men all at once?” Billy asked loudly.

“And a bunch of Indians, too?” Tommy chimed in.

“That’s enough, boys,” Rachel hissed. Where had they heard such rumors? Deep down, curiosity ate away at her. Were the rumors true?

“If I see an Injun while we’re on the way to Oreegun, I’m gonna shoot him dead.” Billy jumped forward, his arms outstretched, pretending it was a rifle. His brother joined him.

“Papa’ll be proud.”

“Well, partner, if the Indian is friendly, you probably shouldn’t go around shooting him,” Mr. Owens said to Billy. His boyish grin was back. “And I’m sure your papa would be more proud of you for keeping the peace.” He turned his head, and his eyes met Rachel’s. For a moment, the sensation of sinking into the depths of his penetrating gaze overwhelmed her.

“You’d best get back to your wagon, Rachel. Tomorrow’s gonna be a trying day, for all of us.” He sounded agitated, as if he’d rather be doing anything other than start this journey.

Rachel nodded. “Will it be dangerous? Crossing the river?”

“Yeah.”

Rachel blinked in surprise. He didn’t try and set her mind at ease, like most men would do, and tell her everything would be all right and not to worry. He’d given her a simple, no-nonsense answer to her concern.

“Thanks for supper,” he said. “I’ll bring your basket by your wagon in the morning. Just make sure your husband is alert and ready to do his job.”

Rachel nodded quietly. Whether Thomas would be alert or not remained to be seen. She hoped he’d sleep the rest of the night. She adjusted David on her hip, and nodded her head to Billy and Tommy, then moved to leave the barn.

“Good night, Rachel,” Mr. Owens called behind her. She stopped and turned her head. She nodded politely, then ushered the boys out the barn door, wondering why it didn’t bother her that he called her by her first name.





Chapter Five





“And I’m telling you, it’s a bad idea to put the livestock on the ferry.”

Rachel’s head turned at the angry shout of a man’s voice. It was a voice that had become familiar to her. Jake Owens was in a heated discussion with the wagon master, Mr. Wilson. The wagon master was in charge of the group. Why was Mr. Owens challenging his authority?

Standing beside her wagon, she checked one final time that the butter churn was secured tightly in place. She had just poured this morning’s milk from Mabel, her cow, into the churn. It would hopefully turn to soft butter by nightfall. At least churning butter was one chore she’d be able to forego while on the trail. The constant movement of the wagon would do the job for her.

Thomas sat high up on the wagon seat, his eyes bloodshot and watery. Although he had slept through the night, he was obviously feeling the after effects of his overindulgence with alcohol from yesterday. He sat stooped over, his elbows resting heavily on his knees, his head slung low almost between his legs. How was he going to manage driving their team of mules the entire day?

“Can we get down from the wagon?” Billy shouted, his head peering around the canvas from the back.

“No. You stay put,” Rachel said sternly.

“How much longer is it gonna be?” the boy whined.

“Once we cross the Missouri, you boys can walk a spell.”

Rachel understood the boy’s impatience. All the wagons in their group had been lined up along the banks of the wide Missouri River for nearly three hours already. They were all at the mercy of the man running the ferry. There was only one ferry, and it could hold no more than two wagons at a time. Many of the people in their group were starting to get restless.

Mary Holland waved to her from atop her wagon. She and her husband, Ben, were newlyweds, and planned to start their married life in a brand new place. During the almost two weeks since the group had been camped in Kannesville, Rachel and Mary had become friends. Rachel waved back, but remained standing near her own wagon. Mrs. Edwards and her daughter, Annabelle, held their heads together a few wagons over and whispered, pointing at the loud exchange between Mr. Wilson and Mr. Owens.

Mr. Owens swung his leg forward and over the saddle of his horse, and landed lightly on his feet in front of Mr. Wilson. Rachel’s wagon stood close enough to the two men, and their voices were loud enough to hear what they argued about. Earlier this morning, Mr. Owens had stood with the Reverend Johnson, after he came to say a prayer over the wagon train. Jake had looked angry then, too. What could the reverend possibly have said to him to make the scout so agitated?

“You gonna waste all this time, wanting to unyoke and unhitch all them teams,” Mr. Wilson shouted at the scout. “We’ve burned enough daylight already.”

Mr. Owens stood his ground. Not quite as tall as the wagon master, he refused to back away, and leaned forward.

“Is it worth losing wagons to save a few hours?” Mr. Owens argued. “These mules are cantankerous enough as it is, and asking them to stay quiet on a ferry is just plain stupid.”

Mr. Wilson spit tobacco juice on the ground. “We’ll let these folks decide for themselves what they want to do with their teams,” he said. “’Sides, who’s gonna herd the stock through the river? That’s a darn foolish undertaking.”

The scout shook his head in apparent disgust, a look of contempt on his face. He turned his head at that moment, and glanced Rachel’s way. Their eyes met and held. With a determined look on his face, he led his horse toward her. He glanced briefly at her wagon, and at Thomas sitting on the driver’s bench. Mr. Owens’ eyes narrowed slightly, before he returned his gaze to her.

“Thanks for supper last night,” he said. His voice still held an angry edge. “That damn wagon master is gonna drown you all. He’s in such a damn hurry.”

Rachel shrunk back at his heated words and foul language. “But how will the animals get across?”

“They can swim,” he said. “It’s safer for everyone. The rest of your livestock needs to get across, too. Or is that fool planning to have them ferried, too?”

“I ain’t unhitchin’ the mules,” Thomas said gruffly from atop the wagon. Mr. Owens looked up at the man sitting high above him, and his face hardened even more. His eyes glazed over in cold fury. “If you want to get your family safely across this river, you’ll do exactly that,” he said angrily.

Several other men gathered around Rachel’s wagon. Everyone seemed to be talking at once. Most men sided with Mr. Wilson. Some suggested, in a not-too friendly manner, for Jake to lay off the bottle.

“You all can do what you want,” the scout finally yelled, throwing his hands in the air. “When you change your minds, let me know. But I ain’t fishing any of you out of the river when your wagons go tumbling.”

Abruptly, he reached for Rachel’s arm, and pulled her out of the circle of men. Startled momentarily, she fought against his hold. His grip tightened, and she had no choice but to step forward, or risk causing a scene. She shot a hasty glance over her shoulder. Thomas hadn’t even noticed.

“Listen to me,” Mr. Owens said in a low voice. He leaned his head in close to her, and his warm hand sent that same familiar tingling sensation down her arm as it had done the evening before, when he touched her in the barn. “If your husband won’t unhitch your team, at least do yourself a favor and stay on this side of the river with your kids. You can take the ferry after all the wagons are across.”

Rachel peered up at him. He wore a serious look, but there was genuine concern in his eyes.

“Shouldn’t Mr. Wilson know what he’s doing? Hasn’t he led several wagon trains?” she asked. Why had Mr. Owens singled her out among all the other people to pull aside?

“He sure doesn’t act like he knows anything,” he scoffed. “It’s suicide to put these animals on the ferry. Your life and possessions are worth more than saving a few hours of traveling time.”

He spoke with such passion and conviction, Rachel couldn’t help but believe him.

“I’ll talk to Thomas,” she said. “If he won’t listen, I’ll do as you say. But, who will herd the animals through the water? Isn’t that dangerous as well?”

Jake Owens’ face lit up in a smile that made her heart flutter. She barely stopped herself from clutching her chest.

“Sweetheart, do you think this is the only river you’ll be crossing?” he drawled. “When we’re hundreds of miles from nowhere, there won’t be ferries waiting for you. I’ll get the animals across.” There was a note of confidence, but not arrogance, in his voice. Rachel took a step backward. Sweetheart! She stood much too close to this man, who made her feel things just by standing in his presence. He was a dangerous man, she realized suddenly, and remembered all the rumors about him. Dangerous to her, at any rate. She’d do well to keep her distance. She glanced around, hoping no one had heard him. To her dismay, she caught Harriet Edwards glaring straight at her.

“Let’s move out,” Mr. Wilson shouted at that moment. Apparently the ferry operator had finally arrived. He waved to the first two wagons, which rolled forward toward the ferry landing.

“Goddamn fools,” Mr. Owens cursed under his breath.

Slowly, the first wagon moved onto the scow, which swayed back and forth with the uneven weight. The two mules pulling the wagon pranced nervously. The second wagon loaded onto the flat-bottomed boat, and the ferryman untied the line securing the vessel to the dock.

Rachel shot a fleeting look at Mr. Owens. His odd hairstyle made the dark brown strands on top of his head stand out in all directions. She was accustomed to seeing men’s hair slicked down onto their heads, parted in the middle, or worn rather long. This man’s hair stood up almost like a bristle brush. A day old stubble had grown on his chin and cheeks, making his face appear darker than it was. His firm mouth was set in a tight line, and his brown eyes flickered with anger. Even so, he was sinfully handsome.

Her arm began to tingle, reminding Rachel that he still hadn’t released his hold on her. When had he stepped close to her again? A sudden lump formed in her throat. The heady scent of leather and buckskin, horse, and clean male sweat penetrated her senses. She inhaled a deep breath, and her limbs began to weaken.

As if he sensed her distress, Mr. Owens met her gaze. His features softened, and a hint of a smile formed in the corners of his mouth, producing dimples in his cheeks. The sudden urge to run far away for fear she might do something she would regret later had never been as strong as it was now. Rachel yanked her arm from his grasp.

“I need to see to the children,” she said, hoping her voice sounded steady.

“Remember what I told you,” Mr. Owens warned, his jaw clenched.

Rachel nodded. A loud commotion came from the river. The ferry had reached the midway point in the river. The ferryman and a few men from the wagons used long poles to guide the scow through the murky water. It looked like backbreaking work, trying to keep the ferry from getting caught in the current. The ropes that acted as pulleys from either shore of the river didn’t seem strong enough to support the craft should the water become too swift.

Two of the mules pranced nervously, and moved further to one side of the craft. The flatboat swayed precariously in the waves, one side dipping dangerously low into the water. One of the men rushed to the skittish animals, and tried to pull the team toward the center of the flatboat. The mule he held to sidestepped suddenly, knocking the man into the river. Rachel couldn’t suppress a gasp.

“Shit! That’s exactly what I was afraid of. I tried to warn those idiots.” Jake Owens reached for the lariat hanging from his saddle and dropped his horse’s reins, then ran for the river. He yanked his belt from around his waist, and pulled his shirt off over his head, and dove into the turbid waters of the Missouri without a second’s hesitation. Rachel stood rooted to the spot, her mouth wide open. People shouted along the riverbank, and the man in the water flailed his arms wildly. It was Mary’s husband, Ben Holland. Another man had succeeded in calming the nervous mules on the scow, preventing an even worse accident. The ferry had almost reached the opposite shore.

Rachel reached for the reins of Jake’s horse, and dragged the mare toward the river. Men and women from the group lined the bank. In the water, Jake had thrown his lasso to the man, who luckily grabbed on. Without getting near the frantic victim, Jake pulled Mr. Holland through the current. He reached the opposite shore of the Missouri at the same time as the scow. He pulled and tugged on the rope, reeling the victim to shore.

Fascinated, Rachel cheered alongside the people next to her. Several men murmured that they would be unhitching their teams once they got on the ferry. Mr. Wilson stood off to the side, a dark scowl on his face. Rachel’s lips widened in a slow smile. It had taken a near tragedy, but she was sure that the rest of the members of this wagon train wouldn’t dismiss Jake Owens’ suggestions so easily from here on. Clearly, he was a man with much more experience than Mr. Wilson. Regardless of the rumors about him, this journey might just be a lot safer with a man like him leading their group through the unknown wilderness. Her head turned toward her wagon. Thomas didn’t look impressed. In fact, he appeared as uninterested in what had happened here as he was in everything else these days.

Rachel’s smile faded. With a slight shake of her head, her gaze returned to the man on the opposite shore of the Missouri. He’d been called a skirt chaser, a man who moved from one place to the next, and left broken hearts in his wake. She could easily see why. She inhaled a deep breath, and her face grew hot. Get those silly notions out of your head, Rachel. You shouldn’t even be entertaining such thoughts.

She glanced again to where Thomas sat on their wagon. Billy and Tommy had climbed on the seat next to him, and stared in awed fascination at what had transpired in the river. As usual, Thomas ignored his sons. Rachel frowned. Her heart went out to the boys. They needed their father. Why couldn’t he see that?

On the opposite shore of the Missouri, the two wagons disembarked without further incident. Mr. Owens stepped onto the ferry, and helped propel the craft through the water, using a long rod to push against the current. Rachel’s eyes fell to the shirt and belt on the ground several yards from her. Hesitating only a moment, she stepped forward and scooped up the items. Holding the cotton shirt in her hands, Mr. Owens’ male scent penetrated her senses. When the ferry reached shore, the scout jumped lightly onto dry land. With a dark scowl on his face, he marched toward Mr. Wilson.

“Y’all gonna listen to me now?” he nearly shouted. His anger-filled eyes darted from Mr. Wilson to several of the other men who had gathered at the shoreline. No one said a word. “Get your wagons on the ferry, two at a time, and unhitch your mules and oxen. I need a few men to stay with the livestock until everyone’s across. If anyone’s brave enough to get on a horse and help me herd the stock through the water, I’d appreciate it. Everyone needs to pitch in to get the ferry across the river. Any questions?”

No one spoke up. There were plenty of murmurs and mumblings, and Rachel caught the dark look on the wagon master’s face. Jake Owens may have made a few friends here today, but he wouldn’t be counting Mr. Wilson among them. Harriet Edwards held one fist to her hip, the other hooked through her daughter’s arm. She spoke to another woman walking beside her as they marched back toward their wagons. Mrs. Edwards’ wide hips swayed wildly from side to side, making her skirt dance around her legs. Rachel was glad she didn’t have to listen to the woman’s rant. Reverend Johnson stood at the far edge of the wagon train. He looked to have a satisfied smile on his face.

Mr. Owens reached his hand out to Mr. Wilson. Rachel held her breath. The wagon master hesitated, then clasped the scout’s hand. He had no choice if he wanted to save face among the group. Mr. Owens was smart to show in front of everyone that he held no ill feelings. It was up to the wagon master to reciprocate.

“Can we invite Mr. Owens to supper again?” a voice yelled from behind her.

Rachel turned to see Tommy running toward her. Billy nodded eagerly from atop the wagon a short distance away.

“What are you doing out of the wagon? I told you to stay put,” Rachel scolded, one hand on her hip.

“We want to hear him tell how he rescued Mr. Holland,” Tommy said excitedly. “Maybe he won’t fall asleep this time and will eat with us.”

“Yeah. Maybe I won’t fall asleep this time,” a deep male voice drawled.

Rachel’s heart leapt to her throat. She wheeled around. Jake Owens stood directly behind her. He wore a wide grin on his face. It was the first genuine smile she’d seen from him today. Water dripped from his hair to his face. His bare skin glistened in the sunlight. Rachel’s eyes fixated on his shoulders, where water ran in thin rivulets down his arms and chest.

“Please say he can eat with us,” Tommy pleaded, pulling her out of her trance. She swallowed back the lump in her throat.

“Yes, of course,” she stammered, and Tommy cheered gleefully. She thrust the shirt and belt at the scout, suddenly remembering she still held his articles in her arms. To her mortification, her face grew warm again. She fumbled with his horse’s reins.

“Can I trouble you to keep these in your wagon?” Mr. Owens asked, gesturing at his clothes without taking them from her. He didn’t wait for an answer, and moved to the side of his horse. With practiced speed and efficiency, he loosened the cinch from around his mare’s belly, unlooping the leather strap until it dangled to the ground. He reached up and lifted the saddle from the horse’s back. “And this.”

Rachel’s eyebrows drew together.

“Something I learned about herding steers through water,” he explained, as if reading the unspoken question in her mind. “It’s safer to ride bareback. Less chance to get hooked on a horn or something.” He strode to the back of her wagon and tossed the saddle over the tailgate, then returned and took his horse’s reins from her. Leaning forward, he whispered, “I’d strip down completely if it was just me and a bunch of other wranglers, but I don’t think the fine ladies and the kids here would appreciate that.” His eyes twinkled mischievously, and his grin was pure evil. Rachel forced her mouth to remain closed. Was he joking with her? If so, it wasn’t funny. She darted a nervous glance around her. Luckily, everyone else, including Mrs. Edwards, was busy tending to their teams and wagons.

“Breathe, Rachel. You look like you’re about to pass out. I know I can’t be the only guy you’ve seen without his shirt on. I’m sure you’ve seen your husband in far less.” He winked at her.

“How dare you,” she hissed, trying to cover her embarrassment with anger. “I’ve never met a man as brazen as you, Mr. Owens.” She picked up her skirts.

His hand reached up and encircled her arm, preventing her from walking away. “I asked you to call me Jake, remember?”

Rachel yanked her arm free, and rushed past him. “I will do no such thing,” she said heatedly. A soft chuckle followed her as she stormed to her wagon. Thomas snapped the reins against the mules’ backs, and the wagon lurched forward to take up a place in line to the ferry. If he had noticed the exchange between Mr. Owens and her, he hadn’t given any indication. Thomas didn’t take notice of much at all these days.

Rachel followed behind the wagon, Tommy close on her heels. The boy had to run to keep up with her.

“Didn’t I tell you boys to stay in the wagon?” she snapped in a high-pitched tone, glaring down at Tommy. His blue eyes stared up at her, wide-eyed. He was obviously as surprised as she was at her sudden angry outburst.

“Yes’m. I’m sorry,” he said demurely, and cast his gaze at the ground. Rachel stopped and kneeled down. She held out her arms, and Tommy fell against her, wrapping his arms around her neck.

“No, Tommy. I’m sorry. I don’t know what got into me,” she whispered. A pair of twinkling brown eyes, and a devilish grin flashed before her eyes.





Chapter Six





Jake reined in his mare, and patted her on the neck. The stout little mustang had to be the best trained horse he’d ever sat on. A subtle shift of his seat backwards, and she stopped. If he leaned forward, she stepped out. A slight turn of his shoulders in either direction, and her body followed. At least the reverend had supplied him with a good mount, if nothing else. He’d almost forgotten the exhilarating feeling of sitting astride a horse, galloping across open country.

His eyes scanned far off into the distance. Open country was right. After leaving the Missouri River a few hours ago, the wagon train made its way west, first through sandy marshlands as they moved away from the river and onto the uneven, rolling hills they entered now. In the distance, the hills blended into steeply ridged sandy bluffs. Tall grasses swayed in tune with the wind as far as the eye could see. At least there was food here for the livestock. That might not be the case the further west they traveled.

Details about the wagon trains along the Oregon Trail, information he’d thought long forgotten from many history classes, seemed to come back to him now as if someone had implanted a computer chip in his brain. This land was foreign to him, but he hoped to get a better feel for it once they entered more familiar territory further west in Wyoming, or what would someday be Wyoming.

Judging by the map the reverend had given him, Jake guessed they were within an hour from a water source called Papillion Creek. Hopefully, the wagon master would agree to stop there for the night. They hadn’t covered much ground today, and after what happened earlier, Frank Wilson was not going to be his buddy on this trip. Jake wanted to get to Oregon as fast as possible, too, probably faster than the wagon master, but he couldn’t afford to be careless. The reverend had made it pretty clear that the safety of these people rested on Jake’s shoulders. He ran his hand through his hair. Dried grit and sand scraped against his scalp from the muddy Missouri.

Getting all the wagons across the wide river had been an exhausting undertaking. Jake absently rotated his shoulders, the muscles in his arms sore and tight. They hadn’t lost any cattle as near as he could tell during the crossing. Three men had volunteered to help him get the cattle and mules through the river. Two of the men were bachelors, without families to worry about.

Elijah Edwards heartily shook his hand once the entire train was safely across the river and the mules and oxen were hitched to their wagons. Beaming brightly, he had slapped Jake on the back, congratulating him on a job well done, and that he had great confidence that this trek to Oregon would go off without any trouble. He had invited Jake to eat supper at his wagon that night. His wife, Harriet Edwards, had shot her husband a look of outrage. Just to irritate the woman further, Jake wanted to accept the invitation, but he wasn’t going to stand up Rachel a second time.

“I can’t, Edwards. I’m eating with the Parkers,” Jake told the farmer. “But thanks for the invite. Maybe another time.”

Mr. Edwards had nodded in understanding. Harriet Edwards’ ears had visibly perked when Jake mentioned the Parkers. The old bat was probably concocting wild ideas in her mind about him and Rachel, judging by her reaction the day before when she saw him at the Parkers’ wagon. He shrugged it off. What other people thought of him didn’t matter. He wasn’t here to make friends.

Jake’s little buckskin mare shook her head and snorted, her long black mane whipping in the wind. He reached forward and scratched her between the ears.

“Easy, Princess. We’re just letting the wagons catch up.” He turned his head. The train was still a good fifteen minutes behind him. Once satisfied that the train was underway, he’d given his mare her head, and she raced over the uneven soil, apparently as eager as he was to get away and be alone for a while.

He’d seen Rachel walk next to her wagon while her good-for-nothing husband sat in the driver’s seat. At least they had a solid–looking team of four mules. Her two older boys bounced happily along beside her. Where the toddler was, Jake hadn’t seen. He hadn’t bothered to stop and collect his saddle and shirt, something he wished now that he had done. Would there be any Indians out here, this close to the Missouri? And would they be friendly? Jake felt naked, exposed all of a sudden. He needed to remember to keep his weapons with him from now on.

He swung his leg over the mare’s neck and landed lightly on his moccasin-clad feet. Kneeling to the ground, he weaved strands of the long grasses in between his fingers. He stuck a blade in his mouth, and stared into the distance. His horse lowered her head and began cropping at the grass. The gentle afternoon breeze cooled his face and bare back. There wasn’t a cloud in the deep blue sky. Blue, like the color of Rachel’s eyes.

Jake clenched his jaw. What the hell was he thinking? Since his arrest he’d sworn off women. Just the thought of Sandra left a bitter taste in his mouth. She’d flirted with him openly at the family ranch, shown him a good time, and had him all wrapped around her little conniving finger. Since laying eyes on Rachel Parker, his plan of staying away from women had taken flight quicker than a fly sucked out of a moving car window. He cursed under his breath.

When are you going to start thinking with the brain in your head rather than the one between your legs? His brother’s words echoed in his mind. Dammit all! Just one look into Rachel Parker’s eyes, and he was lost. Something had twisted his gut and wrenched in his chest the first time he saw her, when she stood by that wagon facing into the wind. The sensation had been different from any of his previous infatuations. Every encounter with her in the last day and a half had only intensified those odd feelings.

She’s married. He’d never chased after a married woman before, either. Not even one with a steady boyfriend. There were plenty of willing girls out there. He’d never had to resort to invading another man’s turf. Of course, in his time, most girls weren’t married and had three kids at her age, either.

Jake laughed. This was absurd. Even if she wasn’t married, the thought of getting cozy with Rachel Parker was crazy. Rachel was the exact opposite of Sandra and every other girl he’d dated. She was definitely not the type to usually draw his attention, which only made his reaction to her more puzzling. She was a sweet girl. Wholesome. Just like he’d told Reverend Johnson. And she was an assignment. Nothing else. He’d make sure she stayed out of trouble, and in five months or so, after he delivered her safely to Oregon and was back in the twenty-first century, he’d look up one of his old flames in Montana.

Thinking hard, he couldn’t remember a single face of any of his former girlfriends. Each time he came close to recollecting one, a dark haired, blue-eyed beauty invaded his thoughts.

Approaching hoof beats overrode the distant jingling of harness and the soft bellowing of cattle. The mustang raised her head, her ears pricked tightly forward. Jake stood, and turned to wait for the approaching rider. He recognized one of the men who had helped him herd the livestock across the river. Annoyed that his brief moment of solitude was disturbed, Jake picked up his horse’s reins, and turned to meet the man. Marcus Powell, if he remembered right.

“Wagon master wants to know if you’re lookin’ for a place to bed down for the night,” Powell said as soon as he reached Jake.

Jake pointed behind him. “Papillion Creek, about an hour away.” He vaulted onto his mare’s back.

“Seen any sign of savages?” Powell asked, and leaned over his saddle to spit tobacco juice on the ground. He laughed. “Hell, I almost shot you. You look like a savage, ‘cept for that hair.”

Jake laughed. He had to admit there was some truth to that. Buckskin pants, no shirt, riding bareback through the hills. He might as well just stick some feathers in his hair.

“Ya got them ladies back at the wagons swoonin’, struttin’ around all bare-chested an’ all.”

“Yeah, I guess I should go get my shirt. I left it back with the Parker wagon.”

Marcus Powell leered, exposing a gap in his top front teeth. He leaned over his horse again and spit out more brown juice. “That Parker woman sure is something to look at, ain’t she?” he said, and raised his eyebrows.

Jake tensed. He gripped the reins tightly in his hand, and his mare pulled her neck and head forward in protest.

“She’s probably the most sightly woman on this here wagon train,” Powell continued. He was apparently under the impression that Jake was going to join him in this conversation.

“She’s also married,” Jake said, trying to keep his voice even.

Marcus scoffed. “Shore don’t seem like she sets her sights all that high. I seen that Parker fella drunk more than I seen him sober. Seems to like the bottle better’n his wife. Whadaya think, Owens? From what I heard tell, you’re good at gettin’ into a woman’s drawers. Prob’ly wouldn’t be too hard to get under her skirts.”

Jake didn’t stop to think. He merely reacted. His arm shot out and his hand fisted around Marcus’ shirt collar. He nearly pulled the startled man from his horse. “If I ever catch you within ten feet of Mrs. Parker, or hear you talk about her in a disrespectful manner again, I’ll kill you,” he growled. His face was inches from the wide-eyed man’s, their horses stopped beneath them. He released his hold, shoving Marcus Powell backwards. The man lost his balance, and toppled from his horse. Jake took up his reins, and tightened his legs around his mare’s girth. She bolted forward, and Jake guided her toward the wagon train, cursing his fate with every stride.





Jake shook the water from his hair, and pulled his shirt on over his head. The creek was just as muddy as the Missouri River. Hopefully some of the grit would wash out of his itchy scalp. Some fifty yards upstream, the wagons sat parked along the creek bank. The smell of smoke from fifteen or more campfires filled the air, mingled with the delicious odor of bacon cooking. Jake’s stomach growled loudly.

He strapped his belt around his waist, and picked up his rifle, then walked slowly toward the wagons. He passed cattle and mules that eagerly cropped at the grasses after their hard day of work. The loud chirping of crickets and other night-time bugs, mingled with the soft melodies of someone playing the harmonica, reminded him of cattle drives back home. Jake ignored the odd tightening in his chest.

After the train had come to a stop along this tributary of the Missouri River and everyone had their animals unhitched, Frank Wilson had told the group that each family was responsible for providing a man to watch over the livestock during the night. He rattled off names of those who would have first, second, and third watch this first night.

Jake was silently glad that Thomas Parker’s name hadn’t come up this time. He’d returned to the train to collect his clothes and gear after his altercation with that scum Marcus Powell, and seen Rachel’s husband sway precariously in the jockey box of their wagon. The man was obviously still hung over from his binge in the saloon. Jake hoped that, for Rachel’s sake, Thomas would sober up over the next couple of days. Rachel had shot him a brief tight-lipped look when he approached, and then quickly scurried to the opposite side of the wagon. One of her kids handed him his clothes and rifle over the tailgate while the wagon kept moving. He’d have to retrieve his saddle once the train stopped for the night.

Jake smiled. Rachel was obviously still mad at him for his rude remarks that morning. He should really remember that this was a different time, and people had different social values. His behavior might just get him shot. Now that he thought about it, one thing that Powell had said that struck him as true, was that Thomas Parker sure didn’t show much interest in his wife. Jake had pulled her aside, and stood way too close to be considered proper in any century, almost right under Thomas’ nose, and the man hadn’t so much as blinked. He couldn’t have been that hung over not to take notice of a stranger getting so cozy with his wife. His stomach growled again. Maybe he should have accepted Elijah Edwards’ invitation. He might not be welcome at the Parker’s wagon. He combed his fingers through his hair. There was only one way to find out.

Jake made his way through camp. Families settled in around their campfires. Ben Holland nodded to him. His wife smiled, her eyes full of thanks. Holland had already thanked him profusely after Jake pulled him from the river. Women ladled out food from Dutch ovens sitting in the coals, kids sat wide-eyed by the fire, and men talked in hushed tones. Several people waved to him and smiled, while others cast him suspicious looks. He passed the Edwards wagon. Mr. Edwards was talking to Jeb Miller. They held up their coffee mugs in greeting, and Jake nodded. Mrs. Edwards stood at the tailgate of her wagon, fiddling with a metal pot. Next to her stood a girl who could only be her daughter. She had he same brown hair tied up in a bun as Mrs. Edwards. The girl looked over at Jake, and smiled coyly, then lowered her chin and batted her lashes at him.

Jake’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. In the brief moment he walked past, he quickly assessed the girl. She was the same height as her mother, but not quite as round. She did have curves in all the right places, but she couldn’t be more than fourteen or fifteen years old. To be polite, he returned her smile and tipped his fingers against his temple. Her smile widened.

Jake groaned. Hopefully he hadn’t done the wrong thing and led this girl to believe he was interested. He lengthened his stride and hurried along through the encampment. Up ahead, Rachel’s boys, Billy and Tommy, ran around, their arms outstretched and fingers pointing pretend guns at each other. The little toddler, David, looked like the monkey in the middle, trying to keep up with his older brothers. Jake smiled. He played like that with Tom when they were young, chasing each other through the barns and fields at the family ranch. He clenched his jaw. He didn’t want to remember. Tom embraced the ranching, the old west lifestyle. Jake had wanted out. He scoffed. Tom should be the one here, leading this group of emigrants. Not him.

Rachel’s soft voice snapped him out of his thoughts. His eyes roamed the camp in front of him. A fire burned low some ten feet from the wagon, but she wasn’t there. Neither was Thomas. Jake approached slowly, the delicious smell of something he couldn’t identify cooking in the Dutch oven sitting in the coals. His mouth watered. Rachel spoke again, and this time he honed in to where her voice was coming from. He still couldn’t see her, but he was sure she stood on the other side of the wagon.

“When are you going to start living your life again, Thomas? Your sons need their father. You’ve barely acknowledged David since he’s been born. It’s been nearly two years.”

“How can I look at him . . . when . . .” Thomas’ gruff voice cut her off.

“You’re his father. He needs you. Billy and Tommy need you. I can’t continue to be both mother and father to them. They are growing up.” Rachel implored in a pleading tone.

Jake listened, guilt flooding him for eavesdropping. He wondered about the argument. What had happened two years ago? There was one thing she wasn’t saying. Jake waited for it, but the words he expected from a woman never came. She spoke of her kids needing their father. What she didn’t say was I need you.

“Mr. Owens, Mr. Owens, you came.” Tommy ran up to him at that moment. Jake turned and plastered a wide smile on his face. The boys surrounded him. The tot waddled up to him and grabbed hold of the fringes on his buckskins, babbling words that Jake didn’t understand.

“Tell us how you saved Mr. Holland,” Billy demanded. Jake knelt down until he was at eye level with the boys.

“First, I don’t go by Mr. Owens. Call me Jake,” he said. Billy and Tommy’s mouths dropped. The hero worship in their eyes grew exponentially.

“You’re right on time for supper, Mr. Owens.” Rachel’s frigid and formal voice from behind him surprised him for a fleeting second. Jake’s lips rose at the corners of his mouth before he stood and turned to face her. The vulnerability in her pleading words to her husband a minute ago was gone. Jake raised his eyes to meet her stare, and the smile faded from his face. The unshed tears that shimmered in those blue pools hit him like a sucker punch to the gut, and tugged mercilessly at his heart. The urge to pull her to him, wrap her in his arms and take away her pain pulled at him unlike anything ever had. Jake’s muscles tightened. What the hell was happening to him?





Chapter Seven





Rachel fumbled with the ribbons of her bonnet, trying to retie the knot that had come loose from under her chin. She ducked her head low to keep the dust from blowing into her face. A strong gust of wind caught her unawares, and her bonnet went flying out of her grasp. Her skirt flapped wildly around her legs. She lunged for her head covering, and nearly stumbled on a rock on the uneven ground. The strong wind picked up her bonnet like a kite, carrying it across the grassland. Her skirt snagged in the branches of a sagebrush, and she gritted her teeth, carefully extracting the fabric from the unyielding bush. She only owned three dresses, and couldn’t afford to have this one rip.

Tommy raced after the precious hat, yelling loudly, “I’ll get it. I’ll get it.” Rachel sighed, and her shoulders slumped. She envied the boy’s enthusiasm and endurance. She’d walked all day, and had no energy left to chase after her bonnet. If Tommy hadn’t dashed after it, she would have had to give chase herself.

Today marked the third day on the trail, and already all the days seemed to blend into one. Mr. Wilson usually called an end to travel an hour before sunset, and rang the morning bell before sunup. The wagon train followed a course heading north toward what she’d overheard was the Platte River Valley. From there, they would head west. The landscape hadn’t changed at all, and was a mixture of sandy soil, rolling hills and tall windswept bluffs. Gazing far into the endless distance brought dizziness to her head. They were truly in the wilderness. There was no sign of civilization anywhere. The only indication that other people had come before them was the wagon ruts they followed. Whenever they were near water, the danger of the wagons and animals sinking into quicksand was a constant concern.

Thomas was as sullen as ever. Rachel hadn’t realized he had brought along several flasks of corn liquor, which he kept hidden under the wagon seat, and he drank heavily each night after supper. The liquor couldn’t last forever, she kept telling herself. At some point, he would run out, and then he would have to come to his senses. She was sorely tempted to grab all the bottles and smash them to the ground.

Rarely did Thomas speak to anyone, and during the long days driving the team, he seemed to sink deep within his own mind. None of the other men spoke to him. Thomas’ demeanor didn’t make him an approachable man. As a result, the women didn’t pay much attention to Rachel. She’d caught more than one woman casting glances of pity her way. Although usually cordial, none of the women sought her out for company. Even Mary had been unusually evasive, and stopped talking to her. Rachel took the hint and kept her distance. How much more unbearable would the situation become in the weeks ahead? They all had to rely on each other, and cooperate as one unit, even if they were fourteen individual families.

Squinting into the wind, Rachel wasn’t sure if the tears that rolled down her cheeks were due to the dust, or if she’d finally succumbed to homesickness. She missed the company of her neighbors back home in Ohio, familiar faces of people she’d known all her life. Bracing against the sensation of someone crushing her chest, she mindlessly set one foot in front of the other, her worn leather shoes sinking into the loose soil. She couldn’t think about home anymore, or the friends she’d left behind.

She was the one who suggested to Thomas that they move out west so they could make a new start. She had really hoped the idea would brighten his spirits. He’d gone along with her suggestion at first, seemed almost eager at the idea, but it hadn’t taken long for his broodiness to return. She glanced up, squinting into the sun that slowly descended into the far off horizon, and tried to envision the Oregon territory she’d heard so much about. Perhaps when Thomas saw the lush green valleys of Oregon, and laid claim to the 320 acres of land that would be theirs to farm, he would finally return to the man she’d known before . . .

Loud giggles penetrated her mind, and she held her hand to her forehead to shield her eyes from the wind and sun. A rider on a buckskin horse galloped toward the line of wagons, heading directly for her. Jake Owens. Rachel’s heart fluttered in her chest. The man sat his horse as if he were one with the animal. She hadn’t seen him much over the last three days, after that first night when he ate supper at her wagon.

Rachel scoffed. Thomas had probably scared him off, just like he scared off all the other people in their group. She shook her head. On second thought, it was a ridiculous notion. She couldn’t imagine Jake Owens being afraid of anything. Quiet throughout the meal, Thomas had nevertheless offered him a cup of his corn liquor, which the scout declined to Rachel’s great surprise. When Mr. Owens had casually mentioned that Thomas might feel better and see to his family more effectively if he didn’t drink so heavily, Thomas had shouted loud enough to be heard throughout the camp for Mr. Owens to mind his own business. Rachel had never wanted to sink into quicksand as badly as she did at that moment. She remembered the scowl of disapproval Mr. Owens had cast her way, just before he excused himself from their campsite. His eyes were filled with contempt and anger, but when he darted a final glance her way, there was something else written there, something she couldn’t name, or perhaps was afraid to acknowledge.

“We caught your bonnet,” Tommy yelled from behind the man approaching her on horseback. Rachel blinked to get a better look. Mr. Owens’ broad body hid Tommy’s slight form until he reined his horse in right next to her. Tommy sat behind the scout, his arms wrapped tightly around the man’s middle. The boy purely glowed from happiness. The scene reminded her of how much Billy and Tommy needed their father. Each time Mr. Owens came around, the boys buzzed to him like bees to honey. And the scout didn’t seem to mind.

The horse stopped in front of Rachel, and Jake held Tommy’s arm while the boy scrambled off the mare’s back. Tommy ran for their wagon, shouting excitedly for his brother. It was Billy’s turn to watch little David inside the wagon.

“You shouldn’t be out in the sun without your hat, Rachel,” Mr. Owens said, leaning over the saddle and holding the bonnet out to her. The leather of the saddle creaked. He rested his forearm on the saddle horn, his hand dangling over his mare’s neck. “It would be a shame if you burned that pretty face of yours.”

Heat crept up Rachel’s neck and into her cheeks, heat that had nothing to do with the sun. She opened her mouth to speak, but then closed it again. No words came to mind. With a trembling hand, she reached for her hat. Mr. Owens didn’t release his hold on the fabric. In fact, he tugged it toward him, causing Rachel to take an involuntary step closer to the horse. He leaned down further.

“How’s that husband of yours holding up?” Jake didn’t disguise the dislike in his voice when he whispered to her in a low tone. His penetrating eyes locked onto hers, and Rachel swallowed. She sensed he wasn’t asking out of concern for Thomas.

“We manage,” she said, tearing her eyes away from him. “Please, let me have my bonnet. I need to catch up with our wagon.” She glanced at the line of rigs moving past. Annabelle Edwards and her mother shot her a disapproving look from atop their wagon as it rolled by.

“Wilson’s about to call a halt,” Mr. Owens said. “There’s a grove of trees up ahead, and water. I suggest you get out of the sun for a while.”

“Thank you for your concern,” she said in a firm voice, and raised her chin. “But it isn’t necessary.”

His grin widened. “Someone’s gotta look out for you.” He released her bonnet, and simultaneously reached his hand toward her. “Grab hold. I’ll give you a ride.”

Rachel stared at the hand he offered, obviously intent on pulling her onto the horse. She backed away. “No. I couldn’t,” she said quickly, shaking her head. Was he out of his mind? Did this man have no sense of propriety? She cast a quick glance at the wagons moving slowly further ahead. Anger at Thomas consumed her all of a sudden. All the sacrifices she’d made for him, and now he didn’t have the decency to protect her from . . . from what?

Rachel turned and walked as fast as her legs would move over the uneven ground. She had to put some distance between herself and Jake Owens. Thoughts of him consumed her during those long miles each day, and his smile and penetrating eyes haunted her in her dreams at night.

The buckskin horse fell in step beside her, and Rachel gritted her teeth. Why didn’t he just leave her alone?

“You couldn’t, or you don’t want to ride with me?” Jake’s deep voice seeped into her mind. “You’ve walked all day. In fact, you’ve walked every day since we left the Missouri.”

Rachel’s head shot up, and she squinted at him. Thankfully his body blocked out the sun’s bright rays.

“Are you keeping watch over me, Mr. Owens?” she asked heatedly. “I’m sure you have much more important things to do that need your attention. Whether I choose to walk is none of your concern.”

“That’s where you’re wrong,” he said. Rachel braced herself when he landed close beside her on the ground. He’d dismounted his horse while the animal was in mid-stride. “I’ve made it my business to keep an eye on you.”

Rachel stopped. She turned to stare at him as the last wagon rolled past them. She swallowed back the apprehension in her throat. She inhaled a deep breath. If she didn’t stand up to this man now and set some boundaries, he would assume she was interested in his advances. Which you’re not, Rachel. Think of his reputation. Think of your own reputation. The man before her was a relentless predator, and she’d apparently become his prey. Rachel sidestepped around him and followed the wagon, coughing as a cloud of dust enveloped her.

“Please keep your distance, Mr. Owens. I have no desire to become your latest conquest.” She raised her chin and stared straight ahead. He was beside her again in the next instant.

Jake laughed. She ventured a glance at him. How dare he mock her? His devilish smile, and those expressive eyes fueled her annoyance even more. With exaggerated haste, she pulled her bonnet onto her head, trying to steady her trembling hands as she tied the ribbons under her chin. Why did his presence turn her into a complete weak ninny?

“When are you going to call me Jake?” he asked, apparently unperturbed by her remark. She stared straight ahead, keeping her eye on the line of wagons that had reached a large grove of trees.

“You’re even prettier when you’re mad, you know that?” His hand clamped around her upper arm. Rachel spun to face him. Before she could protest, his face turned serious. “I only meant I was looking out for you,” he said softly. “You’ve got your hands full with your boys, and I don’t see you getting any help from your husband. Can’t we just be friends?”

Rachel swallowed. Her eyes narrowed. Since when did a man ask to be friends with a woman? She could only imagine what kind of friendship he was looking for.

“I’m sure you have enough lady friends where you’re from, Mr. Owens. I don’t believe I would want to be counted among them.” Then why is his smile the last thing on your mind each night, Rachel?

His jaw visibly clenched, and his eyes hardened. “Fine,” he said, the word clipped. “Believe what you want. Maybe someday you’ll see that I’m not the guy you seem to think I am.”

He turned to his horse, and vaulted easily onto the mare’s back. Without a backwards glance, he galloped off toward the front of the line of wagons. Rachel inhaled a deep breath, and picked up the pace, gritting her teeth against the ache in her blistered feet. Why did she feel the need to act so disagreeable around him? He had been nothing but helpful to her since the day they met. If only he wasn’t so forward and brazen.

“Jake,” she said softly, liking the sound of his name. A smile formed on her lips. It would certainly give Mrs. Edwards something to talk about if she overheard Rachel calling the scout by his given name.





Jake knelt by the creek. He splashed water on his face and ran his hand over the sandpaper roughness of his jaw. Perhaps he ought to try shaving, but the idea of using a sharp knife blade on his face wasn’t too enticing. His lips widened in a slow smile. Maybe Rachel would like him better if he was clean-shaven. Or, maybe she preferred men with a full beard. Most of the men here sported some sort of facial hair, be it a full beard or a moustache. Her husband certainly didn’t bother shaving most days.

Damn! He’d tried to stay away. For three days he avoided Rachel’s wagon. He watched her from afar, unable to keep his eyes and mind off of her. She walked tirelessly beside her wagon every day. Her boys took turns riding in the bed or up in the jockey seat. She had to be worn out. Thomas Parker drove their team, and he managed to hitch and unhitch the mules every day, but that was about all he did. Two nights ago, it had been Thomas’ turn at midnight watch. Unable to sleep, visions of Rachel kept Jake tossing and turning in his bedroll. He’d gone to check on his mare, and found Thomas snoring under a bush. Jake had sat up for the remainder of the night, waking Thomas when his shift was over. Barely aware, Rachel’s husband had shuffled off to his wagon.

Jake clenched and unclenched his jaw. She deserved better. No sooner had that thought entered his mind, and he laughed. Someone like you, Owens? He shook off the crazy thought. What the hell was he thinking? In less than six months, he planned to be back home in his time, and he’d be free. No more worries about rotting in jail for something he didn’t do. No more sleepless nights, thinking about someone else’s wife.

The sound of fiddle music drifted over the rise leading to camp. The emigrants were in high spirits. Someone had suggested an evening of music and relaxing. Jake had to admit that this first week spent in the nineteenth century had been easier than he could have possibly imagined. It wasn’t a whole lot different from the sort of stuff he was used to doing back home. He’d been on more cattle drives and campouts than he could ever hope to remember. There were a few modern conveniences he did miss at the moment, like an air mattress to sleep on. He silently thanked the reverend for the highly detailed satellite map he had provided.

He wasn’t kidding himself, though. Crossing a few rivers and driving livestock through water wasn’t a problem. At least not yet. He’d dealt with quicksand before, so he was confident in what to do. But what if they met up with Indians? He knew it was only a matter of time. He didn’t know how to speak any Indian languages. He didn’t know which Indians were hostile and which weren’t. The Rocky Mountains loomed ahead hundreds of miles in the distance, as did miles and miles of barren land where food would be scarce for the animals, and water might be hard to come by. The people might be in a good mood right now, but what would happen when they faced some real hardships?

Jake rubbed his chin, and headed toward the music. He might as well enjoy the evening with the emigrants. Frank Wilson sat with Elijah Edwards and Jeb Miller on overturned water buckets near one of several large campfires toward the center of camp. Jake had no desire to sit with the men. Wilson had been cordial since that confrontation at the Missouri, but Jake could sense the man was disgruntled with him for undermining his authority, and making him look bad in front of the people. Jake had stayed out of his way and gone along with the wagon master’s orders so far. He knew he wouldn’t hesitate to go against the man again, if he deemed it necessary.

Jake stood in the shadow between two wagons, and observed the festivities. A man played the fiddle, and another joined him with a harmonica. The tunes they played were lively, and unfamiliar to him. Many of the younger children laughed and danced in the center of the camp. A few adult couples joined them. Jake’s eyes narrowed when he spotted Marcus Powell among a few other men. The man had given him a wide berth since their confrontation that first day, and so far he’d heeded Jake’s warning to stay away from Rachel.

Jake’s eyes scanned the crowd, searching for her. Rachel occupied his thoughts more than he wanted to admit. She sat off to the side of the rest of the people near her rig, her toddler on her lap. She tapped her feet, a wide smile on her face. The little boy laughed, and she held his hands, clapping to the music. Jake’s eyes remained fixed on her. The music faded in his ears, and everyone else disappeared around her. She was beautiful. Her smile was radiant, but Jake also detected a sadness in her eyes.

He had to talk to her. He tried to stay away. He couldn’t stay away any longer. To hell with her husband. Reverend Johnson had made her Jake’s responsibility, and with good reason. Thomas Parker was useless. What had she ever seen in the man to marry him?

Jake was about to step out from between the wagons, when a hand on his arm stopped him. He spun quickly around, only to stand face to face with Annabelle Edwards. The girl smiled up at him.

“Mr. Owens . . . Jake,” she said, her voice soft and almost seductive. “Would you ask me to dance?” The girl boldly ran her hand up his arm, and stepped closer. Reflexively, Jake grabbed her wrist to lift her hand away from him. Startled for a moment, his head turned toward the camp, and to where Rachel sat. His heart sank. She stared directly at him. Could she even see him in the shadows? Judging by the disapproval in her eyes, she saw him, and he could only imagine what the scene must look like to her.

“Damn,” he uttered under his breath. He glared at Annabelle, and peeled the young girl’s hand from his arm. Without saying a word to her, he disappeared behind the wagons, allowing the darkness to swallow him up.





Chapter Eight





Rachel stoked the coals in the fire pit with a wooden stick, and blew air on them until they glowed a bright orange. In the darkness of predawn, the warm colors belied the chill in the air. She blinked the sleep from her eyes, and added kindling to get the fire going, then set the coffee pot over the flames. She straightened her back and listened. A few wagons away, someone snored loudly. An owl hooted from a nearby tree. The occasional snort of a horse or soft bellow of one of the oxen had become familiar sounds to her.

Rachel sat on a tree stump, and waited for the water in the pot to boil. She rubbed at her aching temples, and flipped her long braid over her shoulder. She sighed, and rubbed the grit of fine silt between her fingers. What she wouldn’t give for some clean water and a full bath. After over a week on the trail, she’d barely managed to wash the dust from her face most evenings before bed. Most of the streams and rivers they had encountered so far were muddy from the sand and silt the water carried through the current. She strained the river water through cloth as best as she could, trying to rid it of as much sand as possible before she used it for cooking or drinking.

A loud grunt and groan reached her ears from under her wagon. Thomas shifted in his bedroll, then gave a loud snore. Rachel clenched her jaw, and inhaled a deep breath through her nose. Anger flooded her body, and heat rose up her neck. Thomas should not be asleep right now. It was his turn at midnight watch. She couldn’t believe how he had completely given himself over to his grief. He used to be a man so full of life. That had all changed on that fateful day. . .

If she had any sense at all, she would pack up the children, and head back to Ohio. She’d given Thomas a fair chance. Two years of grieving his loss had to be enough time. Instead of getting his life back in order, however, he seemed to be getting worse. Rachel couldn’t live her life like this anymore, putting him and his needs before her own. Perhaps she could return home, and make a fresh start for herself and the boys. With a regretful shake of her head, she knew it was too late to turn back. They had sold everything in Ohio to buy the wagon and supplies. There was just enough money left over for the journey, and to hopefully buy a plow and equipment for a new farm in the Oregon territory.

The nighttime chill crept up her spine, replacing the heat of her anger from a moment ago, and Rachel pulled her wool shawl more firmly around her shoulders. She reached for the tin cup she had set on the ground. Wrapping the tail end of her apron around her hand, she picked up the handle of the coffee pot, and poured steaming liquid into the cup. The air around her became infused with the rich strong smell of coffee. It smelled good, even if she didn’t drink the stuff. With a determined lift of her head, she left the camp and headed in the direction of where the livestock grazed.

As darkness enveloped her, she wished she had brought a lantern. There was only a half-moon in the night sky, and she could barely see where she was going. She followed the soft sounds the animals made, hoping she wouldn’t lose her way. A heavy hand on her shoulder startled her. Coffee spilled over the rim of her cup.

“Rachel?” Jake Owens’ surprised voice was close to her ear, sending a renewed shiver down her spine. “What the hell are you doing out here in the middle of the night?”

She swallowed back her sudden nervousness. “I brought you some coffee,” she whispered, unsure of how far her voice would carry. She certainly didn’t want someone else to hear her.

“Coffee? How’d you know I was here?” He sounded pleasantly surprised.

Rachel turned, shrugging off his hand that still rested on her shoulder. He stood so close, the heat from his body seeped right into her. His breath blew hot against her cheek. She held the cup up, pushing it against his chest. “Take it,” she said firmly. “Thomas is asleep under the wagon. You’ve taken his shift at night watch again.”

Twice before, Rachel had awakened in the middle of the night to find Thomas lying next to her when he was supposed to be watching the livestock. Twice she had seen Jake Owens walk into camp when the morning bell clanged on those same occasions, looking rather tired. Tonight, she decided to act on her suspicions that Jake was covering for Thomas. Her hunch had obviously turned out to be correct.

There was a silent pause, then Jake took the cup from her hand, his fingers lingering over hers. “Thank you,” he said, his voice unusually demure. Rachel eased her hand away. The tingling sensation crawling up her arm, originating where he touched her, was too unsettling.

She shouldn’t be here, seeking this man out in the darkness of night, but she couldn’t stand by, knowing that he sacrificed his own sleep to cover for Thomas. Everyone was expected to pull their weight, and Thomas certainly wasn’t doing his part.

“No. I thank you,” Rachel said, and took a step back. “I don’t know why you’re doing this for us, Mr. Owens, but I do want you to know that I’m grateful.”

He slurped loudly at the coffee. “I told you the other day. Someone’s gotta look out for you.”

She pressed her lips together. Yes. She remembered that day. That same day she’d also seen Jake Owens standing in the shadows of two wagons, his hands on Annabelle Edwards. Had that been the first time they met in secret? Mr. Owens did take a lot of his meals at the Edwards wagon. Apparently, the young naïve girl had succumbed to his good looks and charm. Had Annabelle been his latest conquest? Rachel gnashed her teeth in frustration, the image of Annabelle pressed up to Jake fresh in her mind.

Why did this even bother her? He hadn’t approached her since the evening he rode off in a huff. He certainly did move fast. Had he finally gotten the message that she, unlike Annabelle, wouldn’t be one of his female acquisitions? Her hands knotted tightly in front of her. The man was nothing but a scoundrel. A wickedly handsome scoundrel, who wouldn’t leave her thoughts no matter how much she tried to push him from her mind.

“Good night, Mr. Owens,” she said curtly, and turned to leave. Her toe caught on a root jutting out of the ground, and she lurched forward. Her hands shot out in front of her, anticipating her fall, when a strong hand hauled her back. In the next instant, she was held flush against a solid body. Her heart stopped beating momentarily, and then raced full speed into her throat. Her knees trembled, and if he released her now, she’d surely sink to the ground.

“Careful, Rachel.” Jake Owen’s sensual voice tickled her ear. Tremors raced up her spine, and her breath caught in her throat. With wide eyes, she stared up into the darkness, unable to make out his face. Only dark shadows greeted her, but his warm breath on her cheek told her how close he was.

“Release me,” she hissed. She could barely get the words out. Why did it feel so good to stand so close to him? Why did he make her feel that even if the world crashed down around her, no harm would come to her while she was with him?

“Not until you stop shaking.”

Rachel pushed a hand against his chest, and a shudder passed through him. In the next instant, he released one of her arms, only to slide his calloused hand along her cheek until his fingers raked through her hair at the nape of her neck. Rachel fought for a lungful of air. She tried to step back, but his other hand held firm to her arm.

“Why did you come here in the middle of the night, Rachel?” His hand cradled the back of her head, his thumb stroking her cheek. “I think under all that primness is a girl ready to let her hair down. Tell me, doesn’t your husband keep you satisfied? He pays more attention to that bottle he keeps under his wagon seat than he does you or your boys.”

“How dare you,” she hissed, mortified he should make such insinuations. Rachel snapped out of her trance. “Take your hands off me,” she said firmly.

“Do you know how beautiful you are?” His voice was low and raspy, and his breath kissed her cheek. His words were like a soft caress.

“I bet you told Annabelle Edwards the same thing the other night. How many other women do you flatter with those words? I told you I won’t be one of your conquests.”

Jake inhaled a deep breath, and his hands fell away from her. He took a step back. Relief swept over her. Or was it regret? A cool breeze seeped through the fabric of her clothes where seconds ago Jake Owen’s warm body shielded her from the chilly night air.

“Believe what you want about me, Rachel. Just understand that I have no interest in fourteen-year-old girls. She came on to me. What you saw was me pushing her away.”

“Your carousing habits don’t interest me, Mr. Owens,” Rachel hissed. “Just stay away from me.” She picked up her skirt and turned, more carefully this time. In the next instant, his arm snaked around her waist and she found herself hauled up against his solid chest again. Too shocked to move, she was too late to realize his intent. He pressed his lips against hers, and heat exploded within her. Shocked at her reaction to his advances, she braced both hands against his chest, but her arms had gone completely weak to even try and fend him off. A split second later, he pulled away from her, as if he realized his mistake. He released her completely.

“Dammit, don’t you think I’d stay away from you if I could?” he growled, his breath labored. Rachel brought her hand up, and swung her arm back. A loud crack filled the air as her palm connected with his cheek. Her hand stung as she wheeled around and ran as fast as she dared through the darkness, back to the safety of her wagon. She couldn’t suck enough air into her lungs, and tears streamed down her face. Tears of shame, for her lips still tingled from his kiss, and she wished it hadn’t ended so abruptly.

*****

“Dammit all to hell!” Jake kicked at the dirt on the ground, his foot connecting with the tin coffee cup he’d dropped when Rachel stumbled and nearly fell on her pretty face. He rubbed at the stinging sensation in his cheek, and cursed the fate that had brought him to this time and place. He cursed Thomas Parker, and finally Reverend Johnson. It was all the old man’s fault. He’d known exactly what he was doing when he told Jake that he had to look out for Rachel. Was this his punishment for something?

Jake scoffed. He hadn’t been sent here for a second chance. He’d come straight to purgatory. Why else would Johnson have told him to see to Rachel’s safety? The old man knew things. There was no doubt in Jake’s mind that the reverend knew that Jake would fall for her, a married woman, a woman he couldn’t have, a woman who lived in a different time than his own.

Jake’s head snapped up from staring at the darkness on the ground, and his jaw dropped. Was he falling for Rachel? He laughed, a short, pitiful laugh to match the distant bark of a coyote. Over the years, he thought himself in love with lots of girls. It never lasted beyond a few dates. He clenched his jaw. The last one was Sandra. He quickly shook his head. Rachel was nothing like Sandra. These feelings, these thoughts about Rachel, were different from anything else he ever experienced. None of the others had ever brought out such strong protective urges in him. Sandra had set his body on fire, but beyond that, Jake couldn’t recall a single feeling of tenderness. He didn’t think about her constantly, or see her smiling in his mind before drifting off to sleep each night.

Just looking at Rachel sent his heart galloping in his chest. Standing close to her doubled that reaction. And now that he’d held her in his arms, and kissed her . . . there was no describing the sensations her soft feminine body, or the subtle fragrance of the soap she used to wash her hands, evoked in him. He’d briefly taken leave of his senses when the urge to kiss her had become more powerful than any rational thought he possessed. He’d realized his mistake instantly. If he’d pursued the kiss, intensified it, prolonged it any further than for the second or two their lips touched, he was sure he would have lost his mind.

Jake sat on the ground, his knees drawn up to his chest, and raked his hands through his hair. He pondered his reaction to her. He barely even knew her. She never let him get close enough to start a conversation. He wanted to get to know all about her, something he never explored with other women.

“You were right, Tom,” he grumbled under his breath. His brother was right that a woman would get Jake into trouble someday. He thought he had been in more than enough trouble with Sandra, but this was different. “It’s not the kind of trouble you thought, brother. Are you happy now?”

He didn’t know how long he sat there with his eyes closed, listening to the rustling of the animals moving through the grass, and the crickets chirping in the brush. Horses snorted, and cattle bellowed softly. These were oddly comforting sounds. Sounds he’d heard all his life. The grayness in the distant horizon to the east slowly gave way to the sun’s first golden rays. The morning bell clanged off in the distance, and Jake heaved himself up off the ground. Time to start another miserable day, avoiding Rachel while still keeping her in his sights. After what happened tonight, it seemed like an impossible task.

The strong aroma of coffee brewing over open campfires assaulted his senses. It reminded him of the cup Rachel had brought him. After checking on his mare, he went to dip his head in the nearby creek, and made his way toward the wagons. He shook his head to expel the excess water from his hair. Turning back, he searched for the tin cup in the grass. He knew he shouldn’t go near the Parker’s wagon, but some invisible force led him straight toward it. He stopped a short distance away beneath a sprawling oak tree, and watched.

Rachel stood bent over the cooking fire, stirring a wooden spoon in her Dutch oven. Tommy and Billy argued over something in Billy’s hand. Jake’s jaw twitched. A man’s figure still huddled in his bedroll under the wagon. That sonofabitch.

Rachel called to her boys, and they scrambled in her direction. She ladled food onto their plates, and the kids scurried off to sit in the dirt by the wagon wheel.

Little David was the first to see him standing beside the tree. The toddler waddled as fast as his stubby legs could carry him, his arms stretched out in front of him.

“Chuk, Chuk.” He called Jake’s name, saying it in his own little baby language. A wide smile spread across Jake’s face, and he knelt to the ground. Something warm wrapped itself around his heart. The toddler tumbled into his arms, a look of pure joy on his chubby baby face.

Jake lifted the tot high up in the air, spun him around, and then set him on his shoulders. The boy squealed and laughed loudly, and patted his hands on top of Jake’s head like a drum. “Don’t make so much noise, partner. The wagon master’ll think we’re under attack.”

He grabbed hold of the tot’s legs that dangled down from either side of his shoulders, and headed toward camp. He caught Rachel glaring in his direction. His heart somersaulted in his chest, and Jake cursed under his breath. How could he face her in the light of day? His gut clenched as the memory of her soft curves molded against him rushed back full force. If he had any sense at all, he’d set the boy on the ground, and head in the other direction.

“David, are you bothering Mr. Owens?” Rachel called. She stepped away from the fire, and walked a few steps toward them. Jake strode up to her, and peeled David off his shoulders.

“No, ma’am. He’s no bother,” Jake said. Rachel’s eyes widened in surprise. Evidently she hadn’t expected him to address her so formally. He set the toddler on the ground, and he scurried off toward his brothers. Jake’s gaze followed the boy, then returned to rest on Rachel’s pretty face. She hadn’t slept, judging by those dark lines under her eyes. A look of uncertainty, and perhaps a hint of fear shone in those pretty blue eyes of hers. He worked the muscles in his jaw. Fear that he’d put there.

“Breakfast is hot.” Her voice was cold and clipped. “And so is the coffee.”

Recovering from his surprise at her invitation, he held out the coffee cup that he just now remembered holding in his hand. After what had happened, he was sure she’d never speak to him again.

“You forgot this last night,” he said quietly. She stared at the cup, then up at him, and abruptly wheeled around to give her full attention to the food in the Dutch oven.

A loud, raspy cough from under the wagon prevented Jake from calling out to her, wanting to say so much to her, without even knowing what he should say. Thomas Parker evidently thought it was finally time to get up. The man grunted and groaned, and hiked his suspenders up and over his shoulders. He loudly hacked up some phlegm, and spit it on the ground.

Jake turned to face Thomas. His eyes narrowed. Didn’t the bastard realize he was the luckiest man in the world? Thomas met Jake’s gaze with a brief surprised look on his face.

“Bring me some coffee, Rachel,” he said, his voice gravelly, and headed for the front of the wagon. He reached under the seat and produced a clay flask. Rachel walked past Jake to meet her husband.

“Good grief, Thomas, not this early in the morning.” She handed him the coffee cup, and stared at the liquor bottle in his hand.

“Just a touch to the coffee to help me get rid of my headache,” he said gruffly.

Left standing by the fire, Jake clenched his jaw. Thomas Parker was the biggest fool in the world.

“Jake, can me and Billy take turns and ride with you today?”

Jake tore his eyes away from the couple at the wagon to stare down into the hopeful blue eyes of Tommy and Billy Parker gazing up at him. Neither one of the boys had even acknowledged their father. Jake knelt to be at eyelevel with the boys.

“I don’t see why not, but I think you’d better ask your mama if it’s all right with her.”

Billy and Tommy exchanged puzzled looks. “How can we ask our mama?” Tommy asked.

Jake gestured with his chin toward the wagon. “She’s right over there,” he said.

Tommy and Billy looked at each other again. “That ain’t our mama. That’s Aunt Rachel. Our mama’s in heaven.”

Jake blinked, wondering if he had heard correctly. Adrenaline raced through him. He stared from the boys to Rachel. Aunt Rachel? She wasn’t their mother? What about David?

“That’s your papa over there, ain’t it?” Jake asked.

“Yeah,” Tommy said, and sighed. His chin dropped nearly to his chest, a sad look on his face. “Papa hasn’t been happy since Mama died. That’s why he drinks so much medicine. He says it makes the pain go away.”

Jake couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He had to ask the next question. “What happened to your mama?”

“She went to heaven when David was born,” Billy chimed in.

None of these boys were Rachel’s sons! Jake didn’t know what to think. His heart suddenly sprang to life in his chest. If these weren’t her kids, then . . .

“Is your Aunt Rachel your mama’s sister?”

“No, she’s Papa’s sister, silly. Don’t you know anything, Jake?” Billy said, a very stern grown-up look on his face.

Jake’s mouth widened in a slow smile. He almost laughed out loud. Rachel wasn’t married to Thomas Parker. They were siblings. This day had suddenly become a whole lot brighter.





Chapter Nine





Rachel knelt by the stream, and stuck her hands in the water. The gentle current slid around her wrists as she swirled her fingers in the soothing cold liquid. Cupping her hands, she splashed water on her face. For the first time in two weeks, she could enjoy water that didn’t need to be strained of silt and sand before it was fit for consumption. Late yesterday, Jake Owens had chosen a good spot for them to camp. Apparently Mr. Wilson had agreed. He called for a day of rest, and Rachel knew that this quiet spot along the creek wouldn’t be secluded for long. Everyone was eager to wash the grit and trail dust from their clothes and bodies. Out in the open, a full bath was out of the question. Just for a few minutes, while it was still early morning, the cold air was a small price to pay in exchange for privacy.

Rachel removed her worn shoes and stockings, and sat at the water’s edge. She suppressed a gasp when she dangled her feet in the cold stream. Lifting her skirts past her ankles, she stood. The soft sandy bottom massaged her aching soles. Rachel hiked her skirt higher and waded further into the creek. She closed her eyes as the water lapped over her feet and ankles. The ends of her skirt were getting wet, but she didn’t mind. It might wash away a layer of dust in the process.

Rachel lifted her head toward the morning sun and closed her eyes, letting her mind wander to a happier time in her life. A time when her parents were still alive, and she didn’t have the responsibilities she’d taken on two years ago that weighed heavily on her shoulders.

The sudden death of her parents nearly five years ago after they’d eaten water hemlock had set in motion a complete change in her life. A well-meaning neighbor had mistaken the poisonous plant for wild parsnips. She’d brought a dish to the farm, eager to share her latest recipe. Rachel hated parsnips. Refusing to eat the dish had saved her life. The next day, her parents and the neighbor were dead.

She missed Polly, her brother’s wife. The woman Thomas had married had become a close friend and confidant over the years. Rachel shuddered, and tears welled up in her eyes. She waded back to the creek bank, and stepped out of the water. Barefoot, she headed for a wide oak tree a short distance away, and eased herself to the ground, leaning against the trunk. She craved the solitude at the moment. She needed to return to camp to cook breakfast, but a few more minutes wouldn’t hurt. Thomas wouldn’t be awake yet, anyways.

Her brother had changed so much since his wife’s death. After their parents died, he hadn’t hesitated to take over the family farm, and he’d provided a home for Rachel. Fifteen at the time, she was too young to fend for herself. She had formed a tight bond with Polly, and loved her nephews. When Polly died in childbirth two years ago, Rachel had grieved just as much as Thomas, but time had not eased his pain. He couldn’t even look at his youngest son. Rachel often wondered if Thomas blamed the innocent child for his wife’s death.

She had tried all she could to get Thomas over his grief. A few times she’d even acted as matchmaker, but Thomas had no interest in anything anymore other than the bottle. The burden of raising the boys had fallen solely on Rachel's shoulders. Thomas had barely kept a crop in the ground, and Rachel worked long days in the fields. She no longer had time for friends, or even a beau. Peter Austin had shown an interest in her just before David was born. He’d even hinted at marriage, when he had kissed her at the Fourth of July celebration that summer.

Rachel’s fingers lightly touched her lips. Peter’s awkward attempt at kissing her had left her rather dismayed at the whole notion of kissing and touching a man. His lips on hers had been wet and sloppy, and the way his hands groped her waist had been a bit off-putting. He had called her beautiful that day.

Do you know how beautiful you are? Jake Owens’ mesmerizing voice flooded her mind. All images of Peter faded from her mind. He’d stopped calling on her when she had her hands full with a newborn and her two other nephews, who were just toddlers then.

Her lips suddenly tingled. Jake’s kiss had been so brief, she didn’t even know whether to call it a kiss. It had ignited a flame inside her that still flickered two days later. Her skin prickled where his strong arms wrapped around her waist. Rachel adjusted her seat against the tree, and hugged her arms around her middle, hoping to dispel the sensation. In those brief moments when Jake held her against his solid body, Rachel had felt safe and protected. He was someone she could lean on, who offered her his strength. She was weary all of a sudden. All these years of holding the family together had fallen on her shoulders. It felt so good to have someone else hold her for a change.

Just get those silly notions out of your mind, Rachel. He’s not the sort of man a decent woman should have her eye on. It was obvious how very good he was at wooing the ladies. She’d observed many female heads turn in his direction, appreciation in women’s eyes, both young and old, during these last few weeks on the trail. Had she fallen under his spell as well? He was never far from her thoughts, and more often than not, her eyes wandered, searching him out during those long hours on the trail.

A girl’s giggle and loud whispers reached her ears, and Rachel sat up straighter. Apparently, her time of solitude was over.

“I thought that was you walking down here by the creek.”

Annabelle Edwards! Rachel glanced around. She couldn’t see the girl, so she was sure Annabelle wasn’t talking to her.

“Ain’t it a bit early for you to be up and about?” A male voice spoke. Rachel’s heart sped up. Jake Owens’ voice! She bit her lips. Slowly, she tucked her knees up close, hoping they hadn’t seen her. That lying scoundrel! Hadn’t he told her the other night he wasn’t interested in Annabelle, that she was too young for him? Now they were together in the wee hours of the morning.

“This is the only time I could catch you alone, Jake, when there’s no one else around.”

Rachel envisioned the girl’s lip jutting out in a pout, and her lashes batting at him in a seductive way. For a fourteen-year-old, she knew quite a bit about flirting with a man.

“Annabelle, you’re a sweet girl, but I ain’t interested. You ought to find a beau closer to your age.”

Rachel held her breath. He truly wasn’t interested in Annabelle? With a twinge of guilt for jumping to conclusions, she recalled her earlier thoughts that he was a scoundrel. She wished she could peek around the trunk of the tree and see the look on the girl’s face. A slow smile formed on her lips.

“Ah, poo. There’s only Michael Horner on this trip, and he’s boring. Not handsome and exciting like you, Jake.”

Rachel fisted her hands in response to the urge to slap the girl for her irritating sing-songy voice.

“Get back to your family before you get us both in trouble,” Jake grumbled. He definitely sounded annoyed. Good. Maybe he had been telling the truth after all, and wasn’t interested in Annabelle.

“It’s because you’re sweet on Rachel Parker, isn’t it?”

Rachel’s ears perked. Heat crept up her neck and into her cheeks, and her heart accelerated. Sweet on her? Jake Owens? Men like him didn’t get sweet on women. Once they got what they wanted, they moved on. Or so she’d heard.

“What do you see in her anyways? She’s married, and to a drunk, no less. I bet you’re wishing he falls off his wagon and breaks his neck. She won’t give you the time of day before then, Jake. She’s much too prim and proper. I’m willing to learn all the things you do with your other lady friends, if you’ll teach me.”

He laughed. “And Mrs. Parker accused me of being brazen. Annabelle, get the hell back to your wagon. Now.” His last words were spoken in a menacing tone. He paused. “You’d better be careful. One day, some guy is gonna take you up on your offer, and you might not like the outcome. Get this through your head once and for all. I don’t get involved with little girls.” This time, his voice sounded as if he’d said something that left an unpleasant taste in his mouth.

“Jake,” she whined. “I’m not a little girl.”

“Then quit acting like one. Get goin’. I ain’t interested.”

Annabelle sucked in a dramatic breath. Rachel could hear it all the way from her hiding place. “I’ve seen the way you look at Mrs. Parker,” she spat. “My mama says it’s sinful that you’re lusting after a married woman. And it’s even worse that she allows the attention. My mama says –”

“I don’t give a damn what your mama says.” Jake’s voice deepened almost to a growl. Rachel could picture him baring his teeth. She wished she wasn’t privy to this conversation. She’d known that Mrs. Edwards talked about her behind her back, and it didn’t matter. This was exactly the sort of talk she had expected. Not only was she seen as the wife of a no-good drunk, she was also painted as a wanton woman welcoming the attention of the scout with the notorious reputation. No wonder none of the other women spoke to her. Damn Jake Owens! Why did he have to single her out? And worse, why did she enjoy his attention, even if he was infuriating and irritating? Tears welled up in her eyes. Wasn’t her life complicated enough?

“Oh, very well,” Annabelle huffed. “I can wait. You’ll get tired of chasing after Rachel Parker eventually.”

“Have a nice day, Annabelle.” Jake called.

Rachel stiffened. By the sound of his voice, he was heading in the direction of the tree she hid behind. She glanced around. There was nowhere else to hide. If she kept real quiet, perhaps he wouldn’t notice her if he simply walked past. Straining her ears, she didn’t hear his footsteps. She breathed in a deep sigh. Perhaps he’d gone in the other direction after all.

Still barefoot, Rachel pushed herself off the ground, and reached for her shoes.

“I’m sure you enjoyed that little conversation. You can come out from behind that tree now.”

Rachel’s heart dropped to her stomach. Heat flamed her face, and her head snapped up. He stood right in front of her, a wide grin on his face. Rachel scrambled to her feet.

She narrowed her eyes. “I wasn’t eavesdropping. I was already sitting here when you and Annabelle came along.” She lifted her chin, daring him to contradict her.

“I know,” he said, still grinning. “I watched you come down to the creek.”

Rachel sucked in a deep breath. “Mr. Owens –”

“Jake,” he interrupted before she could get out another word. He stepped closer.

She glared at him, but backed up, and bumped into the tree. “Mr. Owens,” she repeated, more firmly. “If you possess a shred of decency, please leave me be. With the exception of the times you take your meals at our wagon, it is highly inappropriate for me to be in your company. The good people on this wagon train already ostracize me. I don’t need to give them more reason to talk behind my back. You heard what that . . . that little twit said.”

“Actually, I wasn’t paying much attention to anything she said.” His teasing manner was infuriating. “And as far as being alone with you, who was it that came to me in the middle of the night?” He raised an eyebrow, but didn’t wait for a response. “What are you doing down here at the crack of dawn, anyhow?”

“If you must know, I was enjoying a moment of quiet time to myself. So, I would appreciate it if you would leave.” Rachel gripped the shoes in her hands until her knuckles turned white. She held them pressed against her stomach, wishing she had more than a pair of shoes to use as a barrier between them. She stepped sideways, intending to dart around him.

Jake’s hand gripped her arm, preventing her from leaving. Wide-eyed, she met his smoldering stare. Warmth seeped through her cotton sleeve from his touch, and that familiar tingling sensation shot up her arm. His eyes roamed freely over her face, and Rachel swore she could feel his gaze caress her cheek.

“I want to apologize for the other night,” he said slowly. “I had no call to say what I said.”

Rachel blinked. The last thing she expected from him was an apology. He didn’t apologize for the kiss. She half expected him to try and kiss her again. Her lips suddenly tingled. You want him to kiss you again, and feel his strong arms around you! Heat crept up her neck.

“I accept your apology,” she said softly. Maybe now he’d release her arm.

“Must be hard to come by,” he said quietly. “Some alone time. What with a husband and three little kids.” His hand slid slowly up and down her arm, sending chills down her spine that weren’t from the crisp early morning air. “Come to think of it, you couldn’t have been a whole lot older than Annabelle when you had Billy.” His penetrating stare was unnerving. There was a question in his eyes, as if he waited for her to comment on what he’d said.

Rachel swallowed the lump in her throat. She’d never had to directly lie about her marital status before. People simply assumed that Thomas was her husband. He had even agreed it would be safer for her if they let people think this. Rachel doubted she would have been allowed to make this trip as an unwed woman. The only thing she’d done was ask the boys not to call her Aunt Rachel in the presence of other people. To David, she was the only mother he knew, and when he started calling her Mama, no one had ever corrected him.

“I manage, Mr. Owens. Now, if you’ll excuse me, my family is probably waiting on me to fix breakfast.” She stared at his hand on her arm. Her heart beat furiously in her chest, and she was sure he could hear it. The rugged masculine scent of him that carried on the breeze sent her head spinning dizzily.

“Family obligations and a sense of duty can drain the life out of a person, can’t it?” He released her hand. A serious stare and clenched jaw replaced the smile on his face. Rachel didn’t know if his question was directed at her. It sounded as if he spoke from personal experience.

“Do you have family somewhere, Mr. Owens?” she dared to ask.

He hesitated before answering. His jaw tightened even more. “Yeah, I got family.”

“Don’t you feel a sense of obligation to them? If they needed you, would you turn your back on them even if it was something you didn’t want to do? Even if you wished your life had turned out differently?”

The hard look on his face puzzled her. She sensed she had struck a nerve. He ran his hand over his face, then smiled again. It didn’t reach his eyes this time. Clearing his throat, he said, “I think we’re gonna be in for some nasty weather later today. I suggest you button up your wagon, and keep everything inside that you don’t want getting wet.” Abruptly, he stepped away from her. “I’ll see you later, Rachel.” With that, he turned and headed toward camp.

Rachel stared after him, puzzled by his abrupt change in behavior. She quickly slipped into her shoes, and walked upstream of the creek before making her way back to the wagons. Something about his demeanor told her there was more to this man than met the eye. She recalled his features hardening the first time she met him, when he mentioned a brother. Something had happened to Jake Owens that involved his family, and he was hurt by it. He suddenly didn’t seem so dangerous to her anymore.





Chapter Ten





Jake untied the oilskin duster from the back of his saddle, and shook out the half-inch layer of trail dust. He didn’t know why he even bothered. The wind, which steadily grew stronger, would blow all the dust off eventually. He stuffed his arms through the sleeves, and pulled the long coat up over his shoulders. He hadn’t needed it yet for anything other than to cover up on a chilly night. He glanced up at the ominous black clouds looming ever closer in the western sky. A sudden gust of wind whipped the coat tails around his ankles like a noose tightening around his neck. This storm was moving in the direction of the emigrant camp faster than he had anticipated. And those dark clouds promised a heavy downpour. Jake was glad that Wilson had declared today as a rest day. The wagons wouldn’t be able to travel in this weather.

“You’ll be all right in a prairie storm, won’t you, Princess?” He patted his mare’s shoulder, and she nickered as if in answer to his question. She craned her neck, and sniffed at his pockets. Her tail swished, and she side-stepped nervously. The horse obviously sensed the impending weather, too. She blew hot air through her nostrils onto Jake’s arm, and nudged him with her nose.

“Sorry, no treats here today. I know you like Rachel’s bread, but I didn’t get an invite to breakfast this morning.”

Jake pulled the cinch loose from around her belly, and peeled the saddle off of her back. He had to find a place to store his meager gear until this storm was over. He didn’t want to leave everything out in the open to get soaked. He definitely wasn’t going anywhere near the Edwards’ wagon. He needed to avoid Annabelle Edwards like the plague. That girl was dangerous.

A smile spread across his lips. He was glad Rachel had overheard his conversation with Annabelle an hour ago. Hopefully now she believed him that he had no interest in the little . . . twit. He chuckled. Was that a hint of jealousy in Rachel’s voice when she called Annabelle a twit?

His face sobered. She was right that people talked behind her back on account of Thomas, and a twinge of guilt hit him that Harriet Edwards made rude remarks about Rachel because of him.

Jake had followed her to the creek this morning with the intention confronting her about her marital status. He’d kept it to himself the day before, mulling it over in his mind as to why she would pretend to be a married woman. He finally came to the conclusion that it was the smartest thing she could have done. He reminded himself what century he was in. An unwed woman might not have even been allowed to make this trip, and it kept men away from her as well. Except for you, Jake. The man with the notorious reputation as a skirt chaser.

Well, he certainly hadn’t laid eyes on anyone’s skirt but hers since coming to the nineteenth century. You’re sweet on Mrs. Parker. Yeah. Jake sucked in a deep breath and heaved his saddle over his shoulder. He sure was sweet on her. Hell, more like on fire for her. There was no sense in denying it. What he should do about it was an entirely different problem. There’s nothing you can do about it. Do your job so you can get the hell home.

“Owens, what do you make of that storm heading our way?” Jeb Miller called, walking briskly toward him. He held firmly to his hat, and the wind whipped at his clothes as he struggled forward.

“Time to circle the wagons and bring the livestock into the center to corral them,” Jake called loudly to be heard over the wind.

“Wilson didn’t like that idea,” Jeb shouted, and ducked his head away from the wind’s onslaught.

“To hell with Wilson.” Jake frowned. “If we don’t corral the animals, you’ll be chasing them all over Nebraska after the storm is over. Just tell all the families to hitch their teams and form a circle. Find some men to herd the stock into the center. Those cattle will be a lot calmer if they can huddle together.”

Jake met Jeb Miller’s uneasy stare. He could tell the man wasn’t comfortable with going against the wagon master’s orders.

“Do it, Miller,” Jake said firmly.

Miller nodded. “You were right about the river, too, Jake.” He put a hand on Jake’s shoulder, and smiled. “I think we’d better do what you suggest.” The wind knocked his hat off of his head at that moment, and Jeb darted after it.

Jake headed for the wagons. He ducked his head toward his chest to stave off the ferocious winds. Hopefully the emigrants could manage their teams before the full force of this storm was upon them. Men shouted up ahead, and Jake frowned. Jeb Miller and Frank Wilson were in a heated argument. Jake had no doubt what it was about. He lengthened his stride, and Wilson shot a menacing glare in his direction, then stomped forcefully toward him.

“What the hell is this about bringing the livestock into the circle?” he shouted, waving his hands in the air.

“Unless you want to go on a cattle round-up for the next three days after the weather clears, you’ll do it,” Jake yelled back. “The mules you might not ever see again.”

“We ought to be doin’ what Jake suggests, Frank.” Elijah Edwards had stepped up to them. “He seems to know livestock better than any one of us.” Frank Wilson shot him a murderous glare. Shaking his head and scowling at Jake, he trudged off into the wind.

“Get these wagons moved,” Jake called. There wasn’t a minute to spare. Raindrops already pelted his head. He scanned the encampment, and spotted Rachel at the far end, tugging on the bridles of two of her mules. They’d been harnessed, but they wouldn’t budge to move into the traces. Her dress whipped around her legs, as did her hair, which had all come free of its usual braid. Where the hell was Thomas?

One of the mules reared, and knocked Rachel to the ground. Jake sensed what was about to happen a split second before the actual event. He dropped his saddle and ran.

“Rachel,” he called. His heart hammered up into his throat. Dammit! Had that mule struck her in the head? Relief flooded him when she moved. Slowly, she sat up, holding her hand to her head. Jake waved his arms in the air, yelling at the mules, trying to prevent them from moving forward. If they panicked and decided to bolt, Rachel would get trampled. His head shot around, and he spotted Thomas. He’d never seen the guy move so fast. Rachel’s brother ran out from behind their wagon, and slid to a stop in front of her. He dropped to his knees, and wrapped his arm around her back, supporting her to sit up.

“Dear God, Rachel, I thought I was gonna lose you, too.” His raspy voice filled with panic.

Jake grabbed the spooked mules by their bridles, and maneuvered them away from Rachel. Straining to hold on to the leather reins, he glanced over his shoulder. Thomas was helping his sister get up off the ground. She looked dazed, but otherwise appeared to be unharmed. The urge to turn those damn mules loose and go to her overwhelmed him, and he gripped the reins tighter. He wanted to pull her into his arms, just to convince himself that she was okay.

Jake forced his attention back to the mules. Stepping to the side of one, he gave it a swift kick in the gut to make the beast move over instead of leaning into him. He led the team sideways rather than straight ahead, and maneuvered them in a tight circle until they finally calmed down. He quickly backed them into their traces, and attached the chains to the harness.

“Thomas, move this wagon behind Edwards’ rig. Let’s get this circle done,” he shouted, and flipped the reins to Thomas Parker. Rain came down in heavier quantities, and he wiped the water from his face. Thomas grabbed the reins and hopped into the driver’s box, slapping the leathers against the mules’ backs. The wagon lurched forward. Rachel stood off to the side, her hair plastered in wet strands to her head and down her back.

Jake reached her in three strides. “Are you okay?” he asked, and held her shoulders.

“Yes.” She nodded, a silent look of thanks in her eyes.

“Once your wagon is in position and the mules are unhitched, get inside, and tie the canvas shut.”

Jake’s hand reached up, and he wiped some wet strands of hair from her face. His thumb brushed lightly against her cheek. She stood quiet as a statue, her wide eyes on his. Was it his imagination, or did she lean her head slightly into his hand? He clenched his jaw. He wanted to kiss the glistening raindrops from her lips.

Abruptly, he released her arms, and wheeled around. One more second, and nothing would have stopped him from pulling her into his arms. A quick glance in all directions told him the wagon circle was complete, and several men herded their oxen and other livestock into the center. The rain came down in sheets, blown sideways by the winds. Jake ran for his saddle, and tossed it under the nearest wagon.

Frantic families tightened their canvas covers to their wagons, many having to fight the ferocious wind to anchor the heavy material down. Jake could barely see in front of him. Even his oilskin slicker wouldn’t prevent him from getting a thorough drenching. Wagons shook precariously as wind and rain pelted them, and one wagon nearly tipped over.

“Edwards,” Jake yelled, calling to the first man in his line of vision, unsure if anyone even heard him over the pounding rain. “We need to stake these wagons to the ground, or some are gonna topple over.”

Edwards nodded his head. Before Jake could get to him, Rachel’s frantic voice reached his ears. Swiping a futile hand across his face to get rid of the water, he squinted in the direction of her voice. Barely visible, she ran from wagon to wagon. What the hell was she doing?

Jake caught up to her seconds later. She was drenched. Her wet dress clung to her like a second skin, thick strands of her dark hair stuck to her face.

“Why aren’t you in your wagon?” he shouted.

“Tommy’s not there. He’s not in the wagon.” She blinked the water from her panicky eyes. Her hand shot up and grabbed his arm. “Please. Please, help me find him, Jake.”

“When did you see him last?” Jake’s mind was a mixture of emotions. If the boy he’d come to grow fond of was out in this weather, they might not find him.

“I don’t remember. After breakfast, maybe. The winds picked up, and I told Billy to take David to the wagon. I thought Tommy was with them.”

Jake knew she was crying, but her tears mixed with the rain, making her appear as if she’d just jumped in the creek. Her lips trembled.

“Where’s Thomas?”

“He’s looking for Tommy down by the creek. Please–”

“We’ll find him, Rachel. Get back to the wagon.” He stepped away from her, intent on heading to where the cattle grazed earlier. Perhaps the boy had wandered to see Jake’s mare. Tommy often brought her some leftover bread rinds. Rachel clamped down on his arm.

“I’m going with you.”

“The hell you are. Go make sure the other kids are okay.” He turned to walk away. Her hand held tight to his arm.

“I’m going with you,” she shouted. The determined set of her chin told him this was one battle he wouldn’t win. They were wasting time. He nodded, and grabbed her hand. She had to run to keep up with his long strides, sloshing across the ground that had quickly turned to a muddy soup. The sandy soil, saturated with water, weighed them both down. Beyond the circle of the wagons, he reached his arm around her waist when she stumbled through the muck. No doubt her soaked dress was weighing her down even more.

“Where do you think he could have gone?” Rachel shouted to be heard above the pelting rain. The sky had turned even darker, making visibility worse than at night.

“I’m checking where the animals grazed first,” Jake yelled back. He slowed, and pulled her more tightly to his side. He peeled his duster off his shoulders and arms, and wrapped it around both of them. At least it would give her some warmth. “Hold on to me and stay close. I don’t need to lose you, too.”

She grabbed on to his arm tighter than before, and together they trudged through the mud, shouting Tommy’s name. Jake searched everywhere the animals had been before the storm hit. He knew they were moving further and further away from camp, and both of them were soaked to the bone. He didn’t know how long they labored through the soupy mud, when he pulled Rachel beneath a wide willow tree with low-hanging branches.

“We can’t give up,” she argued. “We have to find him.” She pulled away, and he reached for her wrist.

“We’re not giving up, Rachel.” He pulled her to him, and wrapped her trembling body in his arms. “I won’t give up,” he whispered close to her ears. “I just need to get my bearings.”

Rachel’s arms reached around his middle, and she leaned her head against his chest. Whether she shook from crying, the cold, or both, Jake couldn’t tell. All he knew was that he held her in his arms, and he cursed the circumstances that made it possible. He wanted to stand here and just hold her, but they couldn’t waste any time.

Jake cupped her head between his hands, and lifted her face away from his chest, tilting it upwards. Fear and panic registered in her eyes, but so did something else. Trust?

“We’ll find him. I promise.” He swiped some hair out of her face, then abruptly released her. He adjusted the duster around them, and strained his eyes to peer out from under the tree. There weren’t a whole lot of places for someone to hide or take cover. The prairie was mostly flat and devoid of trees save for a few strands here and there. Would Tommy be smart enough to seek shelter somewhere? They had to be a couple of miles from camp, and the rain continued to fall in sheets. While it wasn’t a perfect shelter, the tree they stood under afforded some protection.

“Stay here, Rachel. I’ve got one more place I want to look, and I can get there faster if I don't have to bring you along with me.” Without waiting for an answer, he pulled the duster from his shoulders, and wrapped it around her slight body. “Don’t move from this spot until I get back.” Without looking at her, he ducked out from under the tree and ran into the pouring rain.





Rachel huddled against the tree trunk, wrapping Jake’s coat tightly around her freezing body. She shivered uncontrollably, and clenched her jaw to keep her teeth from chattering. It was a futile effort. How could she have been so careless and not checked sooner to make sure that the boys were inside the wagon? Thankfully, Thomas had been sober this morning. His genuine concern for her when the mule knocked her down reminded her of how he used to be. When she discovered Tommy missing, he’d immediately gone in search of him. Maybe he’d been found already, and was safely back at camp.

Jake’s concern for her after she landed in the dirt overwhelmed her. She’d heard him call her name just as she fell, and in the next instant, he was there, diverting the spooked mules away from her. Even through all the rain, there was an unmistakable look of worry in his eyes when he asked if she was all right. When she’d begged him to help her find Tommy, he hadn’t hesitated. Had he noticed that she called him by his given name? It had just slipped out without any thought.

As the minutes ticked by, Rachel’s anxiety increased. The rain had let up a little. The sheets of water coming down from the heavens had changed to a steady rain. The sky was as dark as ever, and only a small amount of light dared to break through the clouds. At least the wind had let up.

Rachel pushed aside some of the tree branches that obscured her view. She couldn’t see anything but the flat prairie in all directions, save for this small stand of trees. The heavy raindrops sent sprays of mud up off the ground. Suddenly, movement to the east caught her attention, the dark silhouette of a man walking toward her.

“Jake?” she called, and her heart sped up. She didn’t see Tommy. She forced herself to stay beneath the tree when all she wanted to do was race out and meet him. As he moved closer, she could make out the distinct outline of legs dangling off the side of the man’s upper body. He was carrying Tommy! Fear flooded her mind. What had happened? Was Tommy alive?

“Stay put, Rachel,” Jake yelled to her. How could he have known that she was about to run out to him?

The minutes it took for Jake to reach the makeshift shelter seemed like an eternity to her. When he finally stepped under the tree, she sobbed.

“Tommy?” she reached for him, her hand on his chest.

“He’s fine. Just scared, and maybe has a few scratches is all,” Jake assured her.

“I’m all right,” the little boy confirmed, and lifted his head from Jake’s shoulder. “Jake came and got me.”

Rachel laughed in relief. “You gave me and your papa and Mr. Owens quite a scare. Where did you go off to?”

“I wanted to see the horses,” Tommy said in a sobbing voice. “I’m sorry. Are you going to punish me?”

Rachel stepped closer and squeezed the boy’s hand. “No, Tommy. But you can’t ever do that again, you hear?”

“No, ma’am,” he said. “Jake already told me what a stupid thing I did, and how worried you were, and that it wasn’t a good thing for a man to worry the womenfolk.”

Rachel’s eyes darted to the man who held her nephew in his arms. He had known where to look for Tommy, and he’d already acted like a parent should in counseling him on being irresponsible. Jake’s choice of words might not be what she would have used, but it seemed to have made an impact on the boy.

Tommy shivered, and Rachel pulled the slicker from around her shoulders, the cold air seeping quickly through her soaked clothing.

“We’d better all just huddle here for a while. Looks like the rain’s lettin’ up a bit. Give it a few more minutes, and we’ll make a run for it back to camp. Wrap that slicker around us all, Rachel.”

Rachel didn’t hesitate. She stepped as close to Jake as was possible, her hip jutting against his thigh. Tommy was sandwiched between them. Water dripped off Jake’s hair into his face, and with Tommy in his arms, he couldn’t wipe it away. She draped the slicker around his shoulders, and her heart sped up. It felt too much like an embrace. Hesitating, she reached up and combed her fingers through his hair, smoothing the strands back against his head instead of having them fall forward into his eyes. For once, his hair lay flat rather than sticking up and tousled in all directions. She decided it didn’t suit him at all. She’d grown too accustomed to his unique hairstyle.

He stared at her. Even in the dim light, Jake’s eyes touched her in ways she couldn’t explain. Warmth seeped through her, and she smiled tentatively.

“Thank you, Jake,” she whispered.

“You’re welcome, Rachel,” he said quietly. His eyes remained locked on hers. “I was bettin’ you’d hold out a little longer before you called me Jake. At least another week.” A grin brightened his face. “I’m just sorry it took rescuing your nephew for you to finally come around.”





Chapter Eleven





Rachel hung the last of the wet bedding over the wagon’s tailgate. Dismayed, she pushed some strands of hair out of her face that had come loose from the pins that kept her hair swept back and in a bun at the back of her head. At this rate, it would take a month before all their clothing dried. Luckily, the food supplies had stayed dry. Tommy and Billy didn’t seem to mind their soaked britches. They splashed through the puddles left behind by yesterday’s downpour, laughing and having a good time like two boys their age should. David napped inside the wagon on the only dry blanket she could find.

Rachel lifted her head, and inhaled a deep breath, blowing the air out loudly through her mouth. With one hand pressed against the small of her back, she shielded her eyes against the sun with the other. The sky today sparkled blue. Not a cloud was in sight. If not for the damaged wagons and soaked clothing and bedding that flapped in the breeze in every camp, one would have never guessed at the torrential rains from the day before.

At the next camp over, Thomas helped Mr. Holland repair the axel under his wagon. Many of the wagons had been damaged in the storm, and mending them would take the entire day. Mr. Wilson had been forced to declare that they would remain here for one more day. Rachel considered herself one of the lucky ones that nothing had happened to their vehicle. Wet clothing would dry. Eventually.

Rachel’s brother lifted his hat from his head, and wiped at his forehead with the back of his hand. He gazed over at her, and his lips widened in a smile. Rachel smiled back, pure joy in her heart. Thomas shook hands with Mr. Holland, then dodged water puddles and headed toward their camp.

Thomas was a different man than he’d been yesterday, and over the course of the last two years. Rachel’s heart warmed, watching her brother work and interact with people the way she remembered him. Before Polly’s death, he’d never hesitated to lend a helping hand to a neighbor in need. Seeing him work alongside their traveling companions warmed her heart. She hoped this was a true turning point for him.

“Got some water for me?” he asked, and leaned over to give her a quick peck on the cheek. Her eyes widened at the unexpected gesture. “I’ve neglected to act a little like a husband should,” he whispered in her ear. His face sobered. “I’ve neglected a lot of things.”

“It’s good to have you back, Thomas,” Rachel said softly, and reached for the metal ladle that hung from the side of the wagon. She dipped it into the water bucket that sat on the tailgate, and handed it to her brother. He tipped his head back and drank.

“After watching you fall yesterday, I thought my life would end. And then when Tommy went missing . . .” Thomas’ voice cracked. “I’m sorry for all the misery I’ve caused you. I’ve been selfish, and have done nothing but feel sorry for myself.” He swiped a hand across his face. “You’ve been right all this time. My boys need me, and you need me.”

Rachel placed her hand on his arm. His complete change of attitude was such a welcome surprise; it warmed her from the inside out. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Annabelle Edwards tiptoe through the mud. The girl stopped and glanced her way. When Rachel smiled in her direction, Annabelle lifted her chin, picked up her skirts, and marched away.

Annabelle certainly didn’t hide her jealousy. The little brat fancied Jake Owens, and he wanted nothing to do with her. She surely thought Rachel had feelings for the scout. An unexpected surge of heat raced through her at the thought. After yesterday, Rachel no longer doubted that she harbored feelings for Jake. For all his unconventional ways, he was also one of the most caring men she’d ever met. He never wavered when someone needed help, and he’d certainly helped her and Thomas on several occasions.

“I’ve been very unfair to you, Rachel.” Thomas’ voice drew her attention back to him before she could explore her thoughts any further. Thinking about Jake made her limbs go weak, and her extremities tingled. Her thoughts about him confused her. He was not the sort of man to harbor feelings of affection for. He was a wanderer, not the settling kind.

“I’ve been too absorbed in my own sorrows to see all the sacrifices you’ve made,” Thomas continued, forcing her to give him her full attention, even as her mind drifted in a completely different direction. He grabbed for her hand and squeezed. “You’ve grown into a beautiful woman, and I’ve ignored how men look at you. I’m sure at some point you want to find a man to settle down with, and raise a family of your own.”

“Thomas, I –”

Her brother held up his hand, cutting her off. Apparently he was determined to say what was on his mind. “That scout, Owens, seems to have taken a special interest in you.” Thomas’ face hardened. “He ‘pears like a dependable man on the trail, and I’ll forever be in his debt for finding Tommy, but he’s not the kind of man I want for you. Men like him aren’t the settling kind. I’ve heard all the talk about him. I’ll make sure he stays away from you from now on. I’m going to be the brother and father I’ve neglected to be for so long.”

Rachel inhaled a deep breath. Hadn’t she just had the same thoughts about the scout? “Jake Owens has no interest in me, Thomas.” She tried to sound convincing. She had no idea what sort of interest she sparked in him, or why she would even attract his attention. No doubt he was used to a different type of woman than her. “Besides, we need to get to Oregon and start that farm. If the right man should come along some day, I won’t just abandon you and the boys.”

Thomas chuckled. “Well, while folks think we’re wed, it’ll keep the men away. Including that scout, if he knows what’s good for him.”

Rachel’s mouth suddenly went dry. He already knows we’re not wed. Memories of yesterday assaulted her. Standing so close to Jake under that willow tree, waiting out the storm, had played havoc with her nerves. When he called Tommy her nephew, her stomach had traded places with her heart. He knew! If he knew that she wasn’t Tommy’s mother, most likely he also knew that Thomas wasn’t her husband. How could he have found out? Lost for words, she could only gape at him. He’d eased the tension by simply saying, “We’ll talk later.”

After the rain had let up, they’d made a dash for the camp. Drenched and chilled to the bone, Rachel had barely been aware of Jake lifting her up into the safety of her wagon. It had taken hours for her to stop her uncontrollable shivering. After stripping Tommy, she dressed him in dry clothes and bundled him under several blankets with his brothers. After she managed to change out of her wet clothes into a dry chemise and dress, she huddled with the children for warmth. Where Thomas or Jake spent the night, she had no idea.

Rachel reached for a blanket draped over the wagon’s tailgate. It was dry enough to be folded. She stepped away from Thomas, and shook the blanket out in front of her before folding it.

“Speak of the devil,” Thomas grumbled behind her. Rachel looked up. She glanced over her shoulder at her brother, then her gaze followed the line of his eyes. A familiar figure strode into camp. Rachel’s heart rate increased. Jake Owens was heading straight for their wagon. She hadn’t seen him all morning, and hoped to avoid this meeting as long as possible. Apparently later had arrived, judging by the determined look on his face.

Tommy and Billy ran up to meet him, and he smiled brightly at the boys, tousling their hair. Interacting with the boys seemed to come so natural to him. And they had been drawn to him from the beginning. Would he ever settle down and raise a family of his own, or would he always be as wild and untamable as he seemed to be now? Why would it even matter to you, Rachel?

“Thomas,” Rachel said under her breath. “He saved your son’s life. He’s a good man. Be polite.”

Thomas stared at her as if she’d sprouted wings. A slow smile formed on his face, and then it quickly disappeared again. He shook his head. “Rachel, he’s no good for you. Don’t entertain those thoughts I know are floatin’ in your mind.”

The heat rose in her face. “I’m not entertaining any thoughts, Thomas. I simply want you to be cordial. Mr. Owens has been nothing but helpful.”

Before Thomas could say any more, Jake walked up to them, smiling broadly. “Mornin’,” he drawled, looking at Thomas. He reached his hand out, and her brother shook it.

“Owens.” Thomas nodded politely, but his eyes narrowed. “You look like you survived the night.”

Jake laughed. “Nothing like huddling under a tree all night in a downpour.” His eyes darted to Rachel, and she quickly lowered her gaze, picking at lint on the blanket clutched in her arms.

“Glad to see you and the boy aren’t looking like drowned rats,” Jake said, jutting his chin toward her.

Rachel cleared her throat. “We’re fine. Thank you again for your help yesterday, Mr. Owens.”

His eyes narrowed for a split second, then he raised an eyebrow. The corners of his lips rose in a barely perceptible grin.

To avoid Jake’s amused stare, Rachel set the blanket on the tailgate. Reaching inside the wagon, she rummaged for her bar of lye soap she’d set out earlier, and grabbed for her and Tommy’s bundle of wet and muddy clothes.

“If you two gentlemen will excuse me, I have clothes in need of washing.” She rushed past them, and headed toward the creek. Rachel gritted her teeth. The subtle grin on Jake’s face made him appear even more devilish and handsome than he already was, but his smug attitude also raised her hackles. Did he think he held some kind of power over her, knowing her marital status? Had he known all along? It would explain his relentless pursuit of her. Being a married woman certainly hadn’t been a deterrent.

By the sounds of the rushing water, the creek had swelled to the size of a river. Rachel didn’t know how she would accomplish cleaning her clothes with all the mud the roaring water churned up, but she couldn’t stay in camp any longer. She couldn’t talk freely to Jake in Thomas’ presence, and she didn’t even know if she wanted to speak to him.

Wandering further downstream than was necessary, Rachel knelt at the creek’s edge, and dipped Tommy’s muddy pants in the water. She laid them out on a large rock, and with vigorous strokes of her arm, scrubbed at the trousers with the soap. With every passing minute, her agitation grew.

Yesterday, while they searched for Tommy, and even when they stood under the tree, Jake had behaved like a normal man, not the brazen scout she’d come to know. Heat rose up her neck, and her forehead beaded with perspiration. Not even with her former beau, Peter, had she shared such intimate embraces as she’d done with Jake. It had nothing to do with intimacy, Rachel. You sought comfort and warmth from his body while you were freezing, and he offered it to you by holding you in his arms. Even so, Rachel remembered her insides heating in response to his touch and the strength of his arms. Nothing in the world would harm her while he held her close.

“You’re gonna scrub a hole right through those pants,” a deep familiar voice drawled behind her.

Rachel shrieked, and her bar of soap slipped out of her hand. It landed with a plop in the water, and immediately disappeared from view, sinking like a rock in the muddy current. She whirled around, and her legs tangled in her skirt. She stared up into Jake Owens’ grinning face. Was he mocking her? Catching her breath, her heart hammered up into her throat, and she fumbled with her skirt. The fabric wrapped itself further around her leg

Jake’s hand reached out, and he pulled her up by the arm. Rachel’s limbs had turned to putty as she tried to recover from the shock of his unexpected appearance. Despite being unsteady on her feet, she tried to pull her arm away.

“You shouldn’t sneak up on people like that,” she said, hoping to sound composed. “Now I’ve lost my soap.”

“Sorry,” he said, looking properly demure from beneath his eyelashes. His ever-widening grin belied his sincerity. She glanced at his hand that still held her arm.

“Is there something I can do for you? I have a lot of work to do.” She lifted her chin.

“Your work can wait. Take a walk with me.”

The nerve of him! She pulled her arm free of his grasp and took a step back, smoothing down her skirt. “I most certainly will not,” she said more forceful than she had intended. A quick glance in all directions assured her that no one else was nearby. Luckily she’d wandered far enough along the creek from where most everyone else would do their washing.

“Fine, Miss Parker, we can talk here then.”

“Mr. Owens, I –”

“No you don’t. Yesterday you called me Jake. We’re not going back to Mr. Owens now.”

Rachel inhaled a deep breath. She closed her eyes for a split second and pressed her lips together. Maybe if she called him by his given name, he would leave.

“All right. Jake. On behalf of Thomas and myself, I want to thank you for everything you did yesterday. Tommy might not be here if not for you.”

His grin widened. He closed the distance between them in one step, and leaned forward, his cheek nearly touching hers. “Your secret’s safe with me, Rachel,” he whispered in her ear. His breath tickled her neck. She shuddered as chills ran down her spine. If she moved back any further, she’d join her soap in the creek.

Refusing to cower, she pushed her hand against his chest to keep him at bay. “How did you know?” she asked quietly. His heart beat strong beneath her palm, and the warmth from his body radiated through her hand and up her limb.

“I’m not revealing my source,” he said, and shook his head. “But I was wondering why a woman, especially one as pretty as you, would pretend to be married to her brother, and be a mother to her three nephews? I think I know, but I want to hear it from you.”

He stepped back, and pulled her away from the creek’s edge. His hand lingered on her arm before he let go. His gaze intensified, as he waited for a reply.

“Surely you know that an unmarried woman wouldn’t be allowed on a wagon train,” she said. “It was my brother’s idea. He’s a good man, when he’s not drinking. He lost his wife, and he hasn’t gotten over his grief. I’d hoped a new start in Oregon would allow him to forget and make a new life for himself.”

Rachel ducked around him. His unwavering perusal left her weak and unsettled. Jake instantly fell in step beside her.

“A new life for himself?” he echoed. “What about you?”

She stopped, and faced him. “What about me? Of course I’d be making a new start as well.”

“Raising his kids? Your sense of family obligation is admirable, Rachel.” That familiar bitter tone was back in his voice that she’d heard him use whenever talk had turned to family. Her forehead wrinkled in puzzlement.

“Yes, I am indebted to my brother for taking me in, and providing for me when our parents died. I love my nephews. I don’t consider it a hardship to care for them and act as their mother.”

Jake reached for her hand. His thumb caressed her palm. Rachel’s heart sped up in response, and her breath stuck in her throat. She wanted to pull away, and at the same time lean into his solid strength and ask him to hold her like he’d done yesterday. The gentle strokes of his thumb were like a match igniting a fire deep within her.

“What about a boyfriend? A man of your own?” Jake’s deep voice was almost a whisper. He didn’t look at her when he spoke, but studied her hand in his.

“I don’t think that –”

Jake’s free arm snaked around her waist, cutting off what she wanted to say, and he pulled her flush against him. Heat shot through her, and her limbs went weak. Memories of the previous day, when she willingly wrapped her arms around him assaulted her. This was different. Intense. Forbidden. Jake Owens was slowly chiseling away all of her defenses. Rachel fought for a breath of air as her mind swirled out of control like the churning river behind her.

“Please, don’t do this,” she whispered, her words in sharp contrast to what her mind screamed.

He leaned forward, his breath tickling her ear and neck, and she shuddered. “Why, Rachel? Because I make you feel things? You’re shaking, and I don’t think it’s because you’re afraid, or cold. Tell me, has anyone ever kissed you, and made you tremble with need?” His lips grazed her neck.

Intense waves of pleasure rippled through her as his lips trailed along the sensitive area of her neck, just below her ear. A soft moan escaped her throat, and she leaned into his touch.

“I can’t stop thinking about you,” he rasped, and his arm tightened around her. “What the hell are you doing to me?” He sounded almost angry at his own question. He released her hand, and entwined his fingers in her hair at the back of her head. Giving it a gentle tug, he forced her to raise her head. He’s going to kiss you. And you want him to. Rachel held her breath, braced her trembling hands against his chest, and stared into his dark eyes. He lowered his head.

A tree branch snapped like a whip behind her. Jake’s body tensed, and he released her. He pulled his revolver from his belt, and pulled her behind him. Startled, Rachel grasped his arm and turned toward the sound. A scream died in her throat. Not ten yards away from them stood four savage-looking Indians.





Chapter Twelve





Jake’s heart galloped like a herd of wild mustangs in his chest. A second ago, his mind and body burned for the girl who now cowered behind him. A new and different wave of adrenaline shot through his system when he noticed those four Indians. Where the hell had they come from? More importantly, were they friendly? Jake stared at them, every cell in his body aware of Rachel pressed against his back. He cocked his pistol, ready to shoot if needed. Years of practice back home had made him a pretty good shot, but pointing a gun at another person was something entirely different.

One of the Indians held up his hand in what appeared to be a greeting, and Jake slowly lowered his weapon. These guys didn’t look like they were ready to attack him. None of them smiled, but their faces weren’t painted with war paint. They all wore fringed leather shirts that were adorned with intricate beadwork and animal teeth, fringed buckskin pants, and moccasins decorated with beads and porcupine quills. Their clothes weren’t nearly as fancy as the costumes he’d seen at some of the Native American powwows he’d been to in his time, where the modern natives put on colorful displays of their heritage. The man who raised his hand cradled an old rifle in his arm.

Jake stepped forward tentatively, eyeing the bows these men carried in their hands. Acting like a coward was probably not a good idea. Rachel clamped down on his arm, and he half-turned his head over his shoulder.

“Stay close,” he said. “It’ll be all right.”

“Are they friendly?” she whispered. Even her soft voice couldn’t disguise the fear in her tone. Jake wanted to reach around her and pull her to him, but he decided against it. He might need both his hands free.

“I’m about to find out.” Jake re-holstered his gun, and held up his own hand, imitating the man in front of him. “Howdy,” he said, hoping he sounded confident enough.

“Wassichu wagons . . . turn back,” the Indian spoke in stilted English.

Jake expelled a breath of air in relief. At least one of them spoke English. He had no idea how he would have talked his way out of this had the man spoken in his native language. Wilson and the emigrants assumed that he was proficient at conversing with the natives. So far, the things he had to do here in the past hadn’t been too much different than what he’d done in the twenty-first century. Even following the trail was easy enough. The wagon ruts of countless emigrants who had come before them were more visible than the well-worn cattle trails at home. He’d had a few slips of the tongue, or said some modern phrases no one understood, but so far there didn’t seem to be any suspicions about him not being who he claimed to be. Or rather, who he’d been set up to be.

“What do you mean, turn back? We can’t turn back. We’re just passing through.” Jake hoped there wasn’t going to be trouble after all. Images of Indians charging on horseback through the hills, attacking innocent wagon trains played out in his mind. He shrugged it off. Those images came from typical Hollywood movies he’d seen. The Indians weren’t hostile to the wagon trains, not until much later than 1848.

“Turn back,” the Indian repeated, and pointed firmly with his hand toward the east. “Much wassichu sickness. Lakota come to warn white man.”

Jake’s eyebrows contracted as he tried to make sense of what the Indian was telling him. Lakota. These guys were Sioux. Even the word wassichu was familiar to him. He’d worked alongside several Native American wranglers who had been employed on his parents’ ranch over the years, and he’d been called a wassichu – white man – many times by them.

“What do you mean, sickness?” he asked. A memory sparked somewhere in the back of his mind. Disease and illness killed a lot of emigrants on their way to Oregon.

“Wassichu bring sickness. Much death,” the Indian said. “Go back to where the sun rises, or die.”

Jake closed the distance between him and the four Sioux. Rachel tugged on his arm when he moved forward before letting go of him. Jake glanced over his shoulder and offered a reassuring smile, then turned his attention back to the Indians.

“We can’t go back. These people are searching for new homes in the west . . ah . . the place where the sun sets.” Jake pointed with his hand in a westerly direction.

The Indian frowned, and shook his head. “Stay this side of Pankeska Wakpa. More sickness other side.”

Jake ran a hand through his hair. He didn’t understand the man. It sounded like he was referring to a river. They were probably within a day of the river Platte. He knew that much from his map. Wilson had wanted to reach the river already, but the storm held them up.

“The Platte River?” he asked.

The Indian nodded. “Not good to cross. Much danger and sickness.”

Jake was aware of the perils of crossing the Platte. The map the reverend had given him was irrefutably the best map Jake had ever seen. Without it, he wouldn’t be as competent. He’d silently thanked the old man on several occasions for not leaving him completely stranded in the past. The river was wide and sandy, and quicksand would be a constant problem. They wouldn’t need to cross the river in order to get to Fort Laramie, so he pushed that worry from his mind.

“Thanks for the warning,” Jake said, and reached his hand out. The Sioux hesitated, then clasped his hand in a firm shake.

“We bring warning, you give us food,” the Indian said. Jake’s eyes narrowed.

“We don’t have a lot of food to spare. The families lost a lot of provisions in the storm yesterday.”

“I made several loaves of bread this morning. We can spare some.” Rachel moved up beside him. Her eyes were round as saucers. She observed the Indians warily, and he could see the fear shining in their blue depths. Without thinking, Jake reached for her hand and pulled her up next to him. Her body stiffened, but she didn’t move away. His heart suddenly swelled, flooding his insides with a warmth that jolted him to the core. When he squeezed her hand, she offered him a tentative smile, and a fresh wave of heat coursed through him.

“Wiwasteka, generous,” the Indian said, looking at Rachel. A knowing smile spread across his face.

“Our camp is just above the rise.” Jake tore his eyes away from Rachel, and motioned with his chin to where the wagons were parked over the sandy hill. “Come and Rachel will give you . . . whatever it is she wants to spare.” He turned and led the way back to camp, pulling Rachel along with him.

“Don’t be too generous with your provisions,” he said in a low tone. “I don’t think they need food. They just like to barter.”

“We can spare a little,” she whispered. They reached the top of the sandy rise and the camp came in view. Rachel pulled her hand from his grasp. Jake reluctantly let go. A sudden possessiveness came over him, some primitive need to claim her as his. Before he had the chance to explore his thoughts any further, someone in camp shouted, “Injuns! Injuns!”

“Damn,” Jake muttered under his breath. “Those fools better not start shooting.” He glanced over his shoulder at the four Sioux who followed several paces behind.

Frank Wilson and several men headed toward them, rifles in hand. Jake held up his hands. “There’s no need for guns,” he shouted at the approaching men. Wilson strode up to him, anger written all over his face. His eyes darted behind Jake at the Indians, then back to him.

“What the hell do you think you’re doing, Owens, bringing Injuns into camp?” Wilson barked. “The next thing we know, they’ll run off with our livestock. Injuns are notorious thieves.”

Jake’s jaw twitched. Out of the corner of his eye, he caught Rachel scurrying toward her camp. She probably didn’t want to be seen with him. That primordial urge to stake some sort of claim on her surfaced again, and he clenched his jaw. He mentally shook his head to clear his mind. Why the hell was he even entertaining such thoughts? He was here to do a job, and would be leaving this century when his assignment was done. Anger at his predicament boiled in him, threatening to explode.

“There’s no need for violence, Wilson,” he said as calmly as he could, directing his focus at the wagon master. His fingers tingled with the urge to wrap around the man’s neck. Jake itched for something, or someone, to vent his frustrations out on. Frank Wilson seemed to go out of his way to make Jake’s life miserable and to argue with him. That incident at the Missouri River obviously still grated on the man.

“What do they want?” Marcus Powell called out from behind Wilson. “I’d much sooner shoot first, than be sorry later.” A collective murmur erupted from the men. Several more emigrants approached, each man with a rifle in his hand, ready to shoot. This was the first time they had encountered natives. After the torrential rains from the day before, nerves were already on edge in camp, and the Indians’ appearance only seemed to make it worse.

“You kill these men, and there’ll probably be fifty or a hundred that will come and avenge their deaths. They came here to warn us. The least you can do is act civil and hear them out.” Jake’s voice rose in anger.

“Warn us of what?” Wilson asked skeptically. Jake turned his head toward the Indians, who stood quietly and stoic behind him. Apparently he wasn’t going to get any help from them.

“There’s something going around,” Jake said, his voice normal again.

“What the hell does that mean?” Wilson spat, and raised his rifle, emphasizing his anger.

“Some sort of sickness that’s spreading through the wagon companies up ahead.”

“Probably something them Injuns brought with ‘em,” Powell sneered. “What the hell are they doin’ here in our camp? They’ll just spread their vile vermin an’ give it to us.” He rushed forward, his rifle pointed at the men.

Jake lunged for the barrel, and jerked the weapon from Powell’s hand. In one lightning fast move, he grabbed the slighter man by the shirt collar just like he’d done that day when Powell made rude remarks about Rachel. Jake’s coiled nerves were ready to spring. He was primed for a fight. His face was inches from Marcus Powell, and he glared at him. Jake could smell the stench of fear emanating from Powell. It gave him a small measure of satisfaction.

“Get back under the rock you crawled out from, or I swear I will knock you into next week.” Jake forcefully shoved Marcus back, and the man stumbled and fell to the ground. Jake tossed the rifle aside, and scanned the men standing before him. Frank Wilson sneered.

“Let these Sioux pass through here in peace, Wilson,” Jake said slowly. “You’re only going to cause trouble for the rest of us if you provoke them.”

Wilson’s jaw visibly tightened, and he glowered at Jake. Seconds passed, and he nodded his head. “Have it your way,” he finally said. “Just tell them to leave, or I won’t be held responsible for any one of these guns going off accidentally.” He pulled his hat from his head, and swiped a grimy hand across his forehead. Repositioning the hat, he turned and walked away. Several of the men followed. Marcus Powell shot Jake a hate-filled look, and spit tobacco on the ground. He scooped his rifle out of the sand, then turned back toward camp.

“You had better wait here.” Jake said to the Indians without looking at them, and headed for the Parker wagon.





Jake sat in silence, staring at the dancing orange flames from the fire a few feet away. He sat on an overturned water bucket, his elbows resting on his knees. In his hands, he clutched a tin coffee cup, the steam rising in swirly patterns to blend with the light from the fire. Darkness fell fast, and the hushed voices of the families settling down for the night mingled with the popping and hissing of a dozen campfires.

Behind him, Rachel’s soft voice murmured from inside the wagon. Her lulling tone sent a wave of heat crashing through him. She spoke quietly to her nephews, settling them in for the night. Jake gripped the cup in his hands, and his jaw muscles tightened. Feelings unlike anything he’d ever experienced before threatened his sanity. He’d been attracted to her from the first day, the first moment he laid eyes on her. For the life of him, he couldn’t figure out the reason why. Sweet and proper girls had never held his interest before. He liked his women fast and loose. Yeah. Look what that got you. Images of Sandra swirled in his mind, then dissolved like the steam rising from his coffee. Her face was quickly replaced by the crystal clear vision of Rachel’s expectant eyes when he nearly kissed her earlier today.

Jake raised the cup to his lips. The hot liquid rushing down his throat only intensified the heat in his body. Believing that Rachel was married had kept him at bay the last few weeks. Now that he knew the truth, it felt as if the corral door had been opened, and he’d been set free. There was no barrier to keep him away from her anymore.

Yes, there is, Owens. Jake muttered a curse under his breath. For the exact reason he was attracted to her, he could never take advantage of her. She was pure and innocent. Added to that was the fact that he was from an entirely different world. His time here was limited. How could he even think to take advantage of her, and then just leave?

Jake drained his coffee cup, perspiration beading on his forehead. Every time he was near her, it became more unbearable not to touch her. This morning had been proof of that. Without any forethought, he’d pulled her to him, intent on kissing her. The memory of her soft, feminine body molded to his, trembling and afraid of her own feelings, sent his mind spinning out of control. How far might he have taken it had those Indians not shown up? She had quaked in his arms, had asked him to stop, but he also recognized the longing in her eyes. Damn!

Jake stood abruptly as if a hoard of fire ants had crawled inside his britches. The bucket knocked over with a dull thud. He ran a frustrated hand through his hair. He had to get away.

“Owens. Can I have a word with you?” Thomas Parker’s voice drifted to him from out of the darkness. Jake cursed under his breath.

“Yeah. Sure.” Jake cursed under his breath, and waited for Rachel’s brother to speak. The man stepped into the circle of light from the fire.

“Not here.” He motioned with his chin toward the darkness of the prairie. Jake bent and righted the bucket on the ground, and set the coffee cup on top of it. Silently, he followed Thomas into the dark abyss, wishing it would swallow him up.

“What’s on your mind, Parker?” he asked when they moved far enough away from the wagon to not be overheard.

“Rachel.” Thomas sure didn’t beat around the bush. Somehow Jake had already known what Thomas wanted to talk about. He’d hovered and been almost overly protective of his sister all day after she gave those Indians a couple of loaves of cornbread and a sack of dried fruit. Jake was amazed at the complete change from how Thomas had acted over the last two weeks.

“You’re a good man to have around, Owens,” Thomas said. “But I don’t like the way you’re looking at Rachel.”

“How am I looking at her, Thomas?” Jake clenched his jaw. “Someone ought to be watching out for her. You sure haven’t paid much attention to her. Hell, you’ve been so lost in that bottle, your own kids don’t want anything to do with you.” Jake’s muscles tensed, and all of his frustrations from today shot to the surface. His hands fisted at his side. The last thing he needed now was to get into a fight with Rachel’s brother.

Thomas sighed. “I know I’ve been neglectful, but I’m changing that. I can’t help the mistakes I’ve made, but I aim to protect my sister from men like you.”

Jake’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. “Then why are you telling me she’s your sister, and not your wife like you’ve got everyone else believing?” His voice rose in anger. First the man completely ignored his sister, and now Thomas was telling him to stay away from her.

“She told me that you know. She believes you’re a good man.” Thomas paused. “Rachel’s been too busy raising my boys over the last couple of years to have a life of her own. She had a beau just before my wife died, and I think they would have married. He left when Rachel was forced to tend to David and had no time for socializing.”

“Why are you telling me all this?” Jake gritted his teeth.

“My sister hasn’t had much experience when it comes to men, Owens. She’s had one beau, a hardworking man from a good family.” Thomas’ voice grew more forceful. “I will not see her get hurt by the likes of you. I’m sure Rachel is not the type of girl you’re usually after.”

Thomas had no idea how right on the mark his comment was. Jake smirked. The sound in the darkness seemed to fuel Parker’s anger. “I’ve known men like you, Owens. I don’t know why women are drawn to your type, men who don’t want to be tamed and settle down. I’m sure every female dreams of corralling the unattainable stud, and you take full advantage of it. You use women and then walk away when they no longer hold your interest. Well, my sister won’t be one of your acquisitions. Rachel deserves a good man, a family man. You’re not that kind of man.” He inhaled a deep breath. “Perhaps someday you’ll understand that the love of a good woman is something to be cherished, not something to be used and then discarded.” His voice cracked.

Jake could feel Parker’s eyes on him through the darkness. Part of him was glad that Thomas was acting so protective of his sister. Another part of him cursed the man for telling him to stay away from Rachel. And for being dead-on right with everything he’d said.

“Yeah. You’re right, Parker,” Jake said slowly. “I ain’t the kind of man for her. But I also don’t view her as, as you put it, an acquisition.”

“Just know that I’m watching, and if I see you try and take undue advantage of my sister’s infatuation with you, you’ll answer to me.”

“So noted.” Jake half-smiled. Perhaps this warning was exactly what he needed to temper the simmering fire inside him. He mentally shook his head. Who was he kidding? Thomas’ words stung. He sounded just like his own brother, Tom. Funny they should share the same name.

Taking a deep breath, he said, “I have a job to do, Parker. I aim to do it, and then I’m heading home. Good to know you’re looking out for your sister.” Without waiting for a reply, Jake turned and headed further away from camp, hoping the darkness would swallow up the turmoil in his heart and mind.





Chapter Thirteen





Rachel licked at her dry and cracked lips. She’d have to dab some more of her precious bees wax on them when the train stopped for the day. She squinted her eyes against the sun beating hot overhead. Sweat trickled between her breasts. She adjusted the bonnet on her head, and tried in vain to stuff strands of damp hair back under it. Dust swirled around her, stirred up by a strong gust of wind, and she shielded her face in the crook of her arm. Her dress snagged yet again on a branch of one of the countless sagebrush bushes she tried to avoid. Rachel cursed under her breath.

“Come ride up here with me for a spell,” Thomas called from atop the driver’s seat. He glanced over his shoulder at her as she trudged alongside their rig.

“It’s all right. I don’t mind walking,” she called to her brother. “Less weight for the mules.” She hastily closed her mouth to avoid choking on the endless dust stirred up by the wagons, and now by the wind. Thomas shot her a disapproving look, then shrugged, and faced straight ahead again. At least walking gave her something to do, even if the blisters on her heels and toes burned with each step she took.

For the last two days, the wagon train moved through the endless plains of the Platte River Valley. Nothing changed. Everything was flat and boring, and it seemed to go on forever. Occasional sparse stands of cottonwoods along the banks of the river offered the only change in scenery.

Several times today, a wagon had gotten stuck in the deep sand if it followed too closely to the river. It usually required the effort of several men, and an added team of mules to pull the unfortunate wagon out of the bog. Mr. Wilson tried to keep the train a half mile or so away from the actual river, but the Platte’s course was so unpredictable and wide, it was difficult to judge. The river was shallow in most places, but seemed almost more dangerous than raging water. Sand bars and quicksand were a constant threat, and everyone was warned to stay away except to get water.

“When’s Tommy and Jake gonna be back?” Billy grumbled next to her. “They’ve been gone all day.”

Rachel glanced at her nephew, then scanned the distance. Where had Jake gone off to? And with her nephew, no less. After the train had stopped for a quick noon meal and to allow the animals to graze for an hour, Jake had offered to take Tommy with him to scout ahead. He’d asked Thomas for permission, which had both surprised and annoyed her.

Since the day he pulled her in his arms and nearly kissed her, Jake had avoided her. He’d eaten supper with them that evening, but she’d hardly seen him since. Anger flared up in her, which only caused more sweat to trickle down her back past her shoulder blades. Heat crept up her neck. For two days, she hadn’t been able to erase the feeling of his strong arms around her from her mind. She’d wanted him to kiss her. He would have, if those Indians hadn’t shown up.

Rachel conceded that she was more than attracted to him. Jake Owens was a man like no other. He was handsome, strong, and brave. He obviously loved children, judging by the attention he bestowed on her nephews. He’d shown his tender side on more than one occasion. He was also incredibly rude and brazen. Rachel fisted her hands at her sides and gritted her teeth. And she’d completely fallen for his charms.

“Rachel,” a voice called from behind her. Rachel glanced over her shoulder in surprise. Mary Holland waved to her and hurried toward her. Rachel’s forehead wrinkled at the unexpected gesture. She’d been isolated from almost everyone since the beginning of this trip. The other ladies barely spoke to her, and whispered in hushed tones when they thought she didn’t notice. Rachel knew it was because of the way Harriet Edwards talked about her, and because of Thomas’ drinking habit.

Rachel waited for the other woman to catch up. “Run ahead, Billy, but be sure to stay clear of the wagons. I don’t want you getting caught under a wheel.”

“What a miserable day,” Mary huffed when she caught up to her. She swiped a hand across her damp brow, and offered a warm smile.

“I wonder if I don’t prefer the rain from a few days ago,” Rachel said.

“Look at this land.” Mary swept her arm in front of her. “Nothing but flat sagebrush and grass. And sand.” She laughed. “I never thought I’d look forward to seeing just a simple tree. I wonder how many more days until something changes. Will we ever get out of this endless prairie?”

“I heard that once we reach Fort Laramie, we’ll see mountains,” Rachel said. She wondered why Mary Holland suddenly talked to her. She’d avoided her and barely been cordial since they left Kannesville.

“My Ben says once we’re over the Rocky Mountains, we’ll truly be in Oregon Territory.”

Rachel stared off into the distance. As flat as the landscape was, she could see for miles, and couldn’t even picture mountains in her mind. She scanned the seven rigs ahead of them. Mr. Wilson rode at the head of the train. Marcus Powell and several other men on horseback herded the cows and spare oxen behind the line of wagons.

“How have you been holding up?”

Rachel’s eyes darted to the woman. “I’ve managed,” she said tentatively. She wondered again why Mary was acting so friendly.

“I want to apologize to you, Rachel,” Mary blurted, and took hold of Rachel’s hand. “I’ve seen how difficult this journey has been for you. You’ve got your hands full with those young’uns and, well, your husband needs attention.” She avoided Rachel’s eyes as she spoke, clearly uncomfortable. “We were getting to know one another before this trip started, and I was hoping we’d become friends. I’m sorry for not coming to visit with you sooner.” She shot Rachel an uncertain smile.

“Why did you stop talking to me, Mary?” Rachel couldn’t help but ask. She didn’t bother to disguise the hurt in her voice. “Is it because Thomas is a drunk, or because Harriet Edwards likes to stick her nose in other people’s business?” Her voice was strained. She longed for another woman’s company. Mary couldn’t be more than a couple years older than she, and at first she had even reminded Rachel of her sister-in-law, Polly. Anger welled up inside her. Oh how she wanted to give Mrs. Edwards a piece of her mind.

“So, what nastiness does Harriet have to say about me? Does she say I’m not faithful to Thomas? That I enjoy the company of our scout to that of my family?” Rachel glared at the other woman. Strands of Mary’s blonde hair fluttered in the wind, and she hastily brushed it out of her face, trying to push it back up under her bonnet. She stared at the ground as they walked.

“I’m sorry, Rachel. I shouldn’t have let that old biddy influence me. I truly want us to be friends. Your husband’s been so helpful to Ben with our wagon. And . . . and that scout saved Ben’s life. Despite what folks say about him, he sure seems to be a decent man.” She looked up from beneath the brim of her bonnet, and smiled sheepishly. “And he’s extremely handsome to boot.”

Rachel inhaled a deep breath. For a minute, she stared at Mary Holland. Then her face brightened. “Yes, he’s been very helpful. Tommy might not be here today, and neither would your husband, if not for Jake Owens.”

“Makes a woman wish she wasn’t married, doesn’t he?” Mary said, and her cheeks turned rosy. Rachel’s eyebrows shot up, and she almost forgot to close her mouth. Was every woman on this train in love with Jake Owens? She clamped her lips together, and a jolt of adrenaline rushed through her. She sucked in a deep breath, nearly choking on the hot and dry air as it seared down her throat and into her lungs.

In love with Jake Owens? Rachel swallowed the lump in her throat. Was she in love with him? It was absurd. He was the last man in the world she should fancy herself in love with. The day they arrived in Oregon, he’d probably turn his horse around and head back to where he came from. A man like that didn’t take up roots anywhere. Rachel certainly couldn’t see him as a farmer in Oregon.

“Rachel?”

Mary’s questioning voice startled her out of her thoughts. “Sorry. What did you say?” She caught the knowing smile on Mary’s face, and heat crept up her neck.

“The other ladies might talk behind your back, Rachel, but I guarantee you, it’s because every one of them, young and old, is green with envy that you’re the one who’s receiving all of Mr. Owens’ attention.”

“I don’t know what to do about him,” Rachel blurted out. It felt so good to talk with another woman, and share her inner thoughts. She certainly couldn’t talk to Thomas about this. He’d already made it clear that he didn’t approve of Jake.

Mary patted her arm. Her eyes filled with concern. “What do you mean? There’s nothing you can do. You have to think about your family.”

Rachel stopped in her tracks, and faced her new friend. She glanced around, making sure no one else was within earshot. The Edwards wagon passed them at that moment, and Rachel smiled sweetly at the glaring look of disapproval that Harriet Edwards shot at her and Mary as her wagon rolled by.

“Mary, if I tell you a secret, you have to swear not to reveal it to anyone.” Her eyes locked onto the other woman’s, and she kept her voice low. Mary’s forehead wrinkled.

“Don’t tell me you’ve . . . you’ve been unfaithful in your marriage,” Mary stammered, her eyes wide. She glanced at the wagons moving past them, and her eyes filled with unease.

“No.” Rachel hastily shook her head. “How can I be unfaithful, when I’m not even married.” She waited for her words to sink in. Mary’s jaw dropped, and Rachel grabbed her arm. “Not a word to anyone,” she said forcefully. “Thomas is my brother. Billy, Tommy, and David are his children.”

Mary’s face slowly lit up in a bright smile, and her hands shot to her hips. “Well ain’t that something. Rachel, you’ve got more guts than I first believed. Imagine that. An unwed woman traveling across the country.”

“It’s not like I’m alone, Mary.” Rachel waved her off. “But I wouldn’t have been allowed on this train otherwise.”

“Well,” Mary said with satisfaction in her voice. She hooked her arm through Rachel’s, and they resumed following alongside the wagons. “I surely won’t tell anyone. Now, what are you going to do about that handsome wagon scout?” Her eyebrows rose expectantly. “I swear, every time I see him looking at you, the sun purely rises and sets in his eyes.”

Rachel’s own eyes widened in surprise. Mary grinned at her conspiratorially. “Don’t tell me you haven’t noticed,” she scoffed. “No matter what’s been said about him, Rachel, mark my words. A man doesn’t look at a woman the way he looks at you with the intention of walking away.”

Rachel silently contemplated Mary’s words. Could Jake really see her as more than just another notch on his belt? Her heart sped up. It was insanity to think that he might be interested in a courtship with her. Rachel couldn’t picture Jake behind a plow and team of oxen, tilling the soil for planting. He wasn’t a farmer. You’re putting the cart before the horse, Rachel.

Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Billy and several other children running toward the wagons. Where had they gone off to? They shouted excitedly, and each headed for their own family wagons. Billy ran up to her. He flailed his arms in the air and tried to catch his breath.

“What’s the matter, Billy?” Rachel asked, grabbing the boy’s hand to calm him.

Out of breath, Billy stammered, “There’s dead people over there.” He pointed in the direction he and the other children had come from.

“Dead people?” Mary echoed.

“Graves,” Billy clarified, gulping in air. “A few were dug up, and there’s dead bodies in them. It stinks something awful.”

“What were you and the other children doing by the river?” Rachel asked, a hint of panic in her voice.

“We wanted to get a drink of water. Then we saw them mounds of dirt.”

Rachel and Mary exchanged quick looks. Alongside them, the line of wagons stopped. News from the other children had obviously reached their families.

“Let’s find out what Mr. Wilson has to say,” Rachel said, and reached for Billy’s hand.

Collective voices around them murmured excitedly. Mr. Wilson had galloped off toward where the children pointed. He returned minutes later, and rode along the line of wagons, stopping his horse just before Thomas’ mules. He raised his hand in the air.

“No need to get all worked up, folks. A few graves were found over yonder by the river.” He pointed behind him. “Looks like wolves dug up a couple. We’ll keep moving to that grove of cottonwoods up ahead, and stop there for the night. I advise the women and children to stay away from this area. The Christian thing to do is rebury the dead, so I’ll need a few men to come back to this spot after securing your rigs.”

“I wonder what happened to those poor folks,” Mary asked in a hushed tone.

“Those Indians that came into camp two days ago warned Jake about a sickness in some of the wagons up ahead,” Rachel said. “I wonder if that’s what killed them.”

“Rachel, I’m parking the wagon up by them trees, then I’ll lend a hand to rebury those bodies.” Rachel’s head shot up in the direction of Thomas’ voice. She nodded. Pride swelled in her heart for her brother. She was still pleasantly surprised at the sudden change in him. While he still poured himself a cup of liquor before settling in his sleeping blankets each night, Thomas no longer drank enough to cloud his judgment or demeanor. It couldn’t be easy for him, giving up the bottle so abruptly, but Rachel was certainly glad that he’d finally come around.

Mary excused herself to head back to her husband with the promise of visiting later, and Rachel continued on her way, focusing on the few sparse trees up ahead. She hoped her friend would keep her secret.

Where was Jake, she wondered for the hundredth time. No sooner had the thought entered her mind, when Billy pulled on her sleeve. “They’re back!” He pointed to the north, and Rachel craned her neck to see over a wagon. Off in the distance, she could make out a lone rider.

By the time she reached the campsite, Jake caught up to the wagons. He spoke to Mr. Wilson, pointing in the direction he’d ridden in from. Guiding his mare near the tailgate of her wagon, he helped Tommy climb down from the saddle. The boy ran excitedly to his brother, shouting something about buffalo. His words drowned in her ears as her heart rate increased, and her face grew hot.

A sudden new awareness swept over her, watching Jake sit on his horse. She’d always admired the way he sat in the saddle, but something was different this time. He looked even more handsome than before. Her gaze lifted to his face, and a jolt of adrenaline rushed through her. His intense eyes swept over her.

“I’ll be back, Rachel. See to the mules,” Thomas said from behind her, startling her. Her brother held a shovel in his hand, and Rachel caught the sharp look he threw at Jake. He seemed unperturbed by it, and dismounted his horse.

“I’ll see to your mules, Rachel.” Jake stepped up to her, and her parched mouth dried out even more. Her heart hammered in her chest. “I told Wilson there’s a herd of bison about three miles to the north of here. I can already taste me a juicy bison steak.” He grinned, and rubbed his hands together. “I’ll get your animals unhitched, if you let me borrow one to use as a pack animal. I’m going hunting. We’re gonna have a barbeque tonight.”

Rachel stared at him, not understanding his words. She couldn’t tear her eyes off him. His hair stuck up in all directions, as wild as ever. It had grown since she met him. A fine sheen of perspiration beaded his forehead, and above his lips. By the looks of his stubbled cheeks, he hadn’t shaved in several days. Rachel chewed on her lower lip.

“Are you okay?” He raised an eyebrow. Then his face turned serious. His eyes darkened and locked onto hers, and the muscles in his jaw tightened. “What are you thinking when you look at me like that?” His voice was low and sensual, and he leaned forward. His hand reached out, just enough for his fingers to graze the back of her hand.

Rachel swallowed. She could barely breathe. The rugged scent of him, the leather and musk, fogged her brain.

Jake suddenly stepped back. His jaw clenched. “Your brother warned me to stay away from you,” he said between gritted teeth. He dropped his mare’s reins, and headed for the front of the rig. With jerky movements, he unchained the mules from the wagon shaft, unhooked the traces, and led the team forward. Rachel stepped up between the mules.

“My brother doesn’t speak for me,” she whispered, and placed a trembling hand on his chest. The corners of Jake’s eyes twitched. His forehead wrinkled, and his gaze roamed across her face. Her pulse quickened, but she held his penetrating stare. Abruptly, he snaked an arm around her waist and pulled her flush against him. If the mules stayed still, no one would see them sandwiched between the animals. Rachel reached up to touch his whiskered cheek.

“Rachel.” Her name drowned in his throat as his lips descended on hers. She closed her eyes, and leaned into his embrace. He’d understood what she asked without her uttering a word. His soft assault on her mouth sent a hot flame shooting through her core, infusing her limbs in liquid fire. One of the mules shifted to the side, and Jake jerked on the reins in his hand. His grip around her waist eased up, and he pulled his face away from hers. His bewildered expression held a hint of wonder. Rachel ventured a soft smile, and cupped his face between her palms.

“I don’t know what I did to deserve that, but whatever it is, I promise I’ll keep doing it,” he said. His lips curved in a grin. The mule stomped its foot, and lifted its head. His teammate sidestepped.

“Damn,” Jake muttered under his breath. “Your brother’s gonna take a shotgun to me.” His grin widened.

“He knows I’d never forgive him if he did,” she whispered. She didn’t want the spell she was under to end, but the mules began to prance in their eagerness to get to grass, and she scurried out from between them. She’d already taken a bold risk to be with him like this. There was no sense in getting trampled by a hoof or caught in the act.

Jake cursed at the animals, and pulled them forward. Rachel stepped aside. He glanced over his shoulder in her direction, and the look in his eyes spoke of a deep longing. Rachel’s breath caught in her throat, and her lips tingled in the aftermath of his gentle kiss. It hadn’t come close to satisfying her curiosity, and only left her longing for more.

Rachel touched her fingers to her lips, and a smile spread across her face, watching him lead the animals away to where the other stock already grazed the lush grasses along the river. Was Mary right? Could a man like Jake Owens stay in one place, and change his wandering ways? Was it worth risking her heart to find out?





Chapter Fourteen





Jake reined in his mare some four hundred yards from the enormous black sea of bison that stretched out before him. It was impossible to see where the herd ended. He guessed the animals stretched across the prairie for at least a mile. Never in his wildest dreams had he thought to ever see such a spectacle.

The mule he ponied beside his horse brayed loudly in protest. The ornery beast had fought him the entire three miles to get to the herd from where the wagon train camped. Not that Jake could blame the animal. Everyone, man and beast, was worn out and hungry after a long day on the trail. Jake needed the mule, however, to carry back meat from the bison he planned to shoot. One kill would be enough to feed every family for days. Jeb Miller pulled his horse up alongside him, and three other men rode up as well. When word spread of bison in the area, everyone had eagerly agreed that fresh meat would be a welcome change from their usual evening fare of beans and bacon.

“How many you reckon are there?” Jeb asked, and whistled through his teeth.

“Tens of thousands,” Jake said in awe. “I never thought to see something like this.”

Jeb leaned forward in his saddle and peered over at him. “You ain’t never seen a herd this big? Ain’t there usually this many? I expect you’re used to seeing buffalo.” His forehead crinkled in surprise.

Jake cursed under his breath. Of course he was expected to have seen bison in such great numbers. “I meant I never expected to see a herd so small,” he replied lamely. “There’s usually more.” He dismounted his mare, and pulled his Sharps rifle from the saddle.

“Hold the mule, Jeb,” he said, and handed the lead rope to the older man. He loaded the weapon, and moved slowly forward.

“Are we all gonna shoot one?” one of the men asked from atop his horse. Jake glanced over his shoulder.

“We only need one to feed everybody. Any more than that, and the meat will spoil before we can eat it all. There’ll be plenty of chances to hunt more bison.”

“You’ll do the shootin’, then?” the same man asked.

“I might need one of you to back me up if I don’t get a clean shot.” Jake faced his companions. “So one of you needs to be ready with a loaded rifle.”

These men were farmers, not hunters. For him, this was completely different than going elk hunting in Montana, but he was reasonably sure he could bring down one of these massive beasts. He had to make sure his shot hit the heart, to bring the animal down with one bullet. Trying to aim for the brain would be impossible at this distance and without a scope.

The last thing Jake wanted was a stampede of these animals in their direction. If they were anything like cattle, they’d run when he fired his gun, but hopefully in the opposite direction from where the sound came. The prairie was so level, there was no place to take cover. At their present distance from the bison, he was sure they wouldn’t spook, but he wanted to get closer to make his shot count. Crouching low, he slowly made his way toward the herd, scanning the animals to pick out the one he would bring down. He finally settled on a cow grazing at the periphery of the main herd.

Jake dropped to his stomach, still a good hundred yards away, and leaned on his elbows. He pointed his weapon at the unsuspecting beast, and took aim. The cow ambled along slowly, picking at the prairie grasses as she moved closer in his direction. Jake followed her movement with his rifle. She stepped forward with her right leg, and he fired. A split second later, the bison dropped to the ground like a felled tree, and at the same time the startled herd took flight seemingly as one unit. The ground shook from the thunder of thousands of hooves as the beasts charged away from the sound of the gunshot.

The men behind him whooped and hollered. “Nice shootin’,” Jeb Miller called. Jake breathed a sigh of relief. He hadn’t been completely sure how this would play out. If the bison ran in their direction, they’d all get trampled.

“Let’s get this beast butchered, and head back to camp. My mouth’s already watering,” he called.

An hour later, with the sun setting to their right, Jake rode his tired mare into camp. Joyful shouts came from the wagons, as women and men greeted the returning hunting party. The mule was heavily laden with meat. Jake’s eyes scanned the people. There was only one face he sought out. Visions of Rachel had consumed his mind during the ride back to camp. Hell, she was in his thoughts on the way to the bison herd as well. It was a small miracle that he’d even been able to concentrate on his shot.

Her surprising behavior earlier had shocked the hell out of him. Why had she suddenly allowed him to kiss her? In broad daylight no less, almost in the middle of camp. Granted, everyone was busy with their rigs, but . . . Two days ago she’d seemed skittish when he wanted to kiss her by the creek. He’d tried to stay away, but it was impossible, just like every other time he told himself he needed to keep his distance. Asking Tommy to go out scouting with him had been his excuse to get near Rachel. That he would hold her and kiss her that very same day was the last thing he expected to have happen. Jake vowed that the next time, they wouldn’t be standing between a team of ornery mules.

His quick response to her silent request only left him hungry for more. What had prompted her to walk up to him between two mules and lay her hand on his chest? The longing and want in her eyes had been unmistakable. Jake’s insides heated at the memory. The quiet and proper nineteenth century farm girl had shown him a brief glimpse of a passionate side she kept well hidden.

Goddammit, Owens. Jake gnashed his teeth together. For the thousandth time, he reminded himself that Rachel was his assignment, someone he was told to protect. Had the reverend known he would fall in love with her?

Love? He was in love with Rachel. The revelation made his heart leap in his chest. You’ve known it since that night she came to bring you coffee, when you held her for the first time. A slow smile spread across his face, and he rubbed his cheek where she slapped him after his first attempt to steal a kiss. Warmth spread through his body. Someone tapped him on the knee, and Jake nearly fell out of the saddle.

“You gonna sit there all night, daydreamin’, Owens? Let’s get to cookin’ some meat.” Jeb Miller smiled up at him. Jake absently handed him the reins to the pack mule. Looking up, another jolt of electricity hit him. Rachel stood a few yards away, little David balanced on her hip. He stared. He couldn’t take his eyes off of her. New awareness hit him. Not a minute ago, he gave a name to his intense feelings for her. All he wanted to do at this moment was sweep her up into the saddle, and ride far away from the rest of the camp. Away from prying eyes and gossiping tongues, so he could have her to himself, and tell her how he felt about her. And that nothing can ever come of it, because you live in another century, and won’t be around once you get to Oregon.

Jake tore his eyes away from her, and guided his horse toward the pasture where the other animals grazed. He let out a scornful laugh. Being with a girl and walking away later had never been a problem before. His appetite for bison steak suddenly vanished.





Rather than sit at their family campfires and share a quiet supper after a long day, the emigrants had built several large fires within the circle of their wagons, and large chunks of meat hung on skewers over the flames, sizzling and dripping fat. People laughed and carried on lively conversations. A couple of men played the fiddle, and a harmonica soon joined in. Children laughed and ran around camp. The delicious aroma of meat, mixed with other mouth-watering smells from dishes the women prepared infused the air. Everyone seemed to be in a good mood. Everyone but Jake.

He sat with Jeb Miller, Elijah Edwards, Ben Holland, and Thomas Parker around one of the large fires, watching the flames dance in front of him. He only half listened to their conversation. Discreetly, his eyes scanned the camp. Rachel leaned over a cooking fire near her wagon, and carefully pulled the lid from the Dutch oven that sat in the coals. Her braided hair was coiled on top of her head. Jake’s finger tips tingled as he imagined unwrapping that coil, pulling her long dark strands free of their constraints, and running his fingers through her hair. He groaned silently, and forced his eyes in a different direction.

Standing off in the shadows between one of the fires and a wagon was Annabelle Edwards. She smiled and giggled at the person standing next to her. Marcus Powell. Jake scoffed. Had she found a new victim to lavish her attentions on? Good riddance. He sure wanted nothing to do with the little flirt. No sooner had the thought crossed his mind when Annabelle darted a look his way. The smile left her face, and she batted her lashes in an overly exaggerated motion and stuck her little nose in the air. She stepped closer to Powell, touched her hand to his arm, and glanced Jake’s way again. He almost laughed out loud. Her pathetic attempt at making him jealous was . . . pathetic. Where the hell was the girl’s mother? Harriet Edwards had some nerve, talking dirt about Rachel, when her own daughter was nothing but a little hussy. Jake spotted her near her own wagon, leading an animated conversation among several other women.

Jake tried to focus his attention on Jeb and Elijah’s conversation. Apparently while he was gone this afternoon, the wagon train had passed some graves along the river, and the people speculated what could have killed the unfortunate emigrants who passed by here before them. Jake recalled the warning from the Sioux from several days ago. A sudden wave of dread washed over him. What if those people had died of cholera? The entire stretch of river could potentially be contaminated.

Jake tried to recall all he knew about the devastating disease. He knew that wagon trains had been infected at some point in history. He remembered helping his mother several years ago, taking medical supplies onto the Flathead Indian Reservation to help out a friend who worked there as a nurse. A cholera outbreak on the reservation had left the doctor and his one nurse short-staffed. He remembered the disease spread via contact with infected water and food sources. The ominous feeling in his gut intensified. What if people on this train had been exposed?

He didn’t have time to explore his thoughts any further. Rachel headed in his direction, carrying her Dutch oven. Her arms trembled, and she walked slightly stooped over, carrying the heavy pot. Jake rose from his seat and headed her off.

“Can I get that for you?” he asked, his eyes slowly traveling up to her face. She blinked and raised her head at him, then nodded with a slight curve of her lips.

“Thank you,” she said. His fingers grazed hers when she handed off the heavy cast iron. She didn’t jerk her hand away as he expected her to do, and his gut tightened painfully.

“What’s in here?” He forced a grin on his face. They stood in the middle of camp, and he groped for his hold on sanity. He focused his mind on the scent of cinnamon coming from the pot. “Smells mighty good.”

“Back home we called this washday cobbler. It’s a dessert I made to go with the buffalo meat.” Rachel cleared her throat and stepped back. “I have another one in the fire. If you could set this one over on the bench by the Holland’s wagon, I’d appreciate it.”

Jake did as she asked. A couple of flat boards had been laid across two water barrels to serve as a makeshift table. Steaming pots of food already lined the boards. He glanced around camp after setting the Dutch oven next to a skillet filled with fried potatoes. Rachel was back at her campfire. This might be his only chance to get her alone. He had to talk to her. Skirting behind the Holland wagon into the darkness, he circled around the rigs until he came to the back of Rachel’s.

“Rachel,” he called in a hushed tone. Her head snapped up, and she turned in his direction. “Can we talk?” He wasn’t going to step out of the cover of darkness. Thomas or someone else might see him, and he hoped she would meet him willingly. She shot a hasty look to the center of camp, then wiped her hands on her skirt. His heart leapt to his throat when she moved toward him. The second she was close enough to touch, he reached for her hand and pulled her into the shadows behind the wagon. Feeling like a teenager sneaking out to a clandestine meeting with a girl sent an exhilarating wave of heat through him.

Certain that the darkness swallowed them up, he wrapped his arms around her, and pushed her up against the side of the wagon. All reason left him. He’d only planned to talk to her, find out about her uncharacteristic behavior earlier, but the memory of the kiss he stole that lingered in his mind all day prompted him to throw caution to the wind.

“Jake.” She gasped his name in surprise, and grabbed his shoulders. He didn’t give her a chance to tell him to stop. He inhaled a deep breath, the scent of peaches and cinnamon filling his senses, and he brought his lips down on hers. Her body stiffened, and he eased his hold on her slightly. For a split second, he regretted his heated actions. What if he misread her body language from this afternoon? When her grip on his shoulders softened, and her curves pressed against him, the air left his lungs. With a groan, he renewed his kiss, moving his lips against hers, coaxing her to do the same.

A soft whimper escaped her throat. Rachel’s arms reached up and snaked around his neck. Jake was sure his heart would break through the confines of his ribs. Never before had a woman in his arms ignited such an overwhelming rush of emotions as what coursed through his veins at this moment. His hand cupped the back of her head, holding her to him. He couldn’t get her close enough. His lips parted, and his tongue slid along the softness of her mouth. Her body trembled as she leaned into him, and his arm around her waist molded her up against him.

Out of breath, he eased his head back from hers, and forced air back into his lungs. He cupped her cheek in the palm of his hand, and leaned his forehead against hers.

“I hope you’ll tell me what I’ve done to make you like me all of a sudden,” he breathed against her ear, and dipped his head to run his lips along her neck. Rachel shuddered. Her hands slid up his neck and cupped his face.

“You’ve done nothing different, Jake,” she whispered, her breathing labored. “You’ve simply worn me down like a wolf chasing a deer through the forest.”

Jake pulled his head back. Her words jolted him to the core. She still believed he was after only one thing. His hand gripped her shoulder. “Rachel, you’re not, as you put it, my next conquest. I haven’t thought about, or looked at, another woman since the day I met you. You’re driving me crazy.”

“What do you see in me, Jake?” Her voice held a hint of sadness. “I don’t understand why you’ve singled me out, when I don’t know anything about pleasing a man. You must know that I can’t be the kind of woman you’re used to having where you’re from.”

Jake sucked in a deep breath, and wrapped his arms around her, pressing her cheek against his chest. He kissed the top of her head. “There are no girls like you where I’m from. That’s what I like about you.”

“You’re not the kind of man to set down roots,” she whispered into his shirt.

Jake squeezed his eyes shut. He worked the muscles in his jaw. And you are the kind of girl who makes a man want to stick around. If she only knew . . .

A sudden thought entered his mind. These last few weeks had made him realize how much he actually enjoyed the physical demands of working outdoors. Laboring without any of the modern conveniences at his disposal on the ranch back home, it seemed almost easy now in the twenty-first century. It sure beat living in the city.

Reverend Johnson must have known all along that sending Jake on this wagon train would make him see where his true calling was. It wasn’t in the city, as he believed for so long. Montana suddenly called to him. He couldn’t see himself as a nineteenth century farmer, though. He knew horses and cattle, not how to grow crops. What if he asked Rachel to come home with him to the future? She deserved an easier life. He could give her that, with all the modern conveniences the twenty-first century had to offer.

Reverend Johnson must want them to be together. The more he thought about it, the more firmly the idea took root in his mind. He was convinced he and Rachel were meant for each other. Why else would the old man make her his responsibility?

“Rachel, I –”

A soft cry came from inside the wagon, cutting into his thoughts. Rachel jerked out of his embrace. “Billy,” she whispered.

“What’s wrong with him?” Jake stepped away from her, running a hand through his hair. He fought to refocus his attention away from the sweet girl beside him. The intense fire from a moment ago cooled inside his body, but a soft flame remained, flickering softly around his heart.

“He wasn’t feeling well a while ago. He complained that his stomach hurt. I told him to lie down for a while, and it would pass.” Rachel headed for the back of the wagon.

A cold wave of dread washed over him. What was one of the first symptoms of cholera? Stomach pains? Followed by nausea and vomiting. Jake grabbed Rachel’s arm.

“Was Billy anywhere near those graves this afternoon?” His grip on her tightened.

“Yes, he and a few other children were by the river getting water when they found them. Why?”

Jake cursed. “Rachel, I think those people died of cholera. Don’t ask me how I know, but the Indians from a couple of days ago said there was a sickness going through the wagon camps ahead of us. It’s cholera.”

Rachel gasped loudly. “Cholera is deadly, isn’t it? Billy will die.” The panic in her voice was unmistakable.

“Not if we take care of him right away.” Jake gritted his teeth.

“There’s no cure.”

Not in this time. “There’s treatments, and precautions.” Before going to the Flathead reservation with his mother, Jake had received immunization for cholera. He was fairly convinced there was no threat to him, but what about the rest of the emigrants in the group? If Billy had it, Rachel could be exposed already. His mind raced. The bacteria that caused this deadly infection spread quicker than a wildfire, and could kill in less than a day.

Billy cried out again inside the wagon, and Rachel yanked her arm out of Jake’s hold. She scrambled onto the tailgate. The wagon swayed and creaked.

“It’s all right, Billy. I’m here. Where does it hurt?”

“I think I’m gonna be sick.” The boy’s strained words jolted Jake into action. He was even more convinced than a moment ago that Billy contracted cholera this afternoon. With those bodies buried so close to the river, the water had to be the source. The symptoms could appear within hours. How many others on the train had it?

Jake rushed into the center of camp. “Listen up everyone,” he called out forcefully. He stuck his thumb and forefinger in his mouth, and whistled loudly. “Listen up,” he yelled, until the camp quieted, and all eyes were on him.

“What burr got under your ass, Owens?” Wilson called, standing with a group of men. Some of them chuckled. Jake ignored the irritating smugness on the man’s face.

“Those graves from this afternoon. Those people died of cholera.” A collective loud uproar came from the people. Jake held his hands up in the air, and called for silence again. When no one quieted, he pulled his pistol from his belt and fired a shot in the air. It worked.

“I need you all to listen, and—”

“What makes you think it was cholera?” Wilson shouted. “You’re just scaring these good folks senseless.”

“I’m only warning you all,” Jake shouted. “I’ll be happy if I’m wrong. But if they died of cholera, we need to take precautions.”

“If there’s cholera in camp, there’s nothing we can do. Ain’t it catching?” Elijah Edwards stepped forward.

“You can’t catch it from another person,” Jake explained. “But those folks were buried close to the river. The water might be contaminated. That’s how you catch it. Ingesting infected water or food.” Jake tried to keep his explanations as simple as possible.

“How do you know all this, Owens? I always heard when one person gets it, someone else can catch it from the sick.”

“That’s not true,” Jake argued.

“So you’re sayin’ we can’t drink the water?” Jeb Miller chimed in.

“Everything you drink, or eat, or otherwise put in your mouth has to be boiled for a good twenty minutes,” Jake answered.

Wilson laughed. “What the hell good is that gonna do?”

Jake ran a frustrated hand over his face. “Just trust me, okay?” If he started talking about bacteria, he was sure Wilson would run him out of camp and declare him mentally insane. “Suffice to say it kills the bug that makes you sick.”

People murmured. Others shook their heads, or waved a dismissive hand at him. More than one man stared suspiciously into his cup, apparently looking for the bugs that might cause cholera.

“One other thing,” Jake continued forcefully. “Everyone needs to wash their hands in water that’s been boiled, with the strongest soap you have, and do it as many times a day as you think about it.”

He didn’t wait for a reaction from the group. He rushed back to the Parker wagon. Inside, he could hear Billy retching. Quickly, he hauled himself onto the tailgate.

“Do you have any sugar and salt, Rachel?” The soft light from a lantern illuminated her face as she bent over her nephew. Jake’s chest tightened, seeing the look of panic in her eyes.

“Yes, of course,” she stammered.

Jake glanced at Billy. The boy’s face was covered in sweat. Rachel held a bowl under his chin.

“Listen to me,” Jake said firmly, and waited for her to meet his stare. “I want you to go outside and boil a pot of water. Make sure it’s boiling fast for twenty minutes. Don’t drink anything other than water you’ve boiled. Don’t eat anything other than food that’s been cooked. Right now, don’t touch your hands or anything else to your mouth, until you’ve washed them thoroughly, do you understand?”

She nodded, but the bewildered look in her eyes said she didn’t understand at all. “I’ll tend to the boy. Do what I say, and make sure the other boys do the same. Now go, and get that water boiling.”

Rachel scrambled past him out of the wagon. Jake stared after her. The sheer bliss he felt not a half hour ago sunk in his gut faster than a rock in quicksand. What if she’d been infected already? He wouldn’t let himself think it. Cholera was easy to treat in the twenty-first century. Here, there were no IV’s to combat the severe dehydration that was the cause of death from a cholera infection. He only hoped the simple electrolyte solution he’d learned to make when nothing else was available to treat sick cattle would work on a sick boy as well.





Chapter Fifteen





The morning bell clanged like a distant echo in Rachel’s mind. She slowly lifted her head from the hard surface her cheek rested against. Groaning, she rubbed at the stiffness in her neck. She sighed and forced her eyelids open. Was it morning already? Hadn’t she just closed her eyes? The soft glow of daylight seeped in through the canvas covering the wagon. Memories of the night before crept into her mind, and Rachel bolted upright. Billy!

Her eyes darted around the crammed interior of the wagon and came to rest on the outline of a small body lying on the makeshift bed of flour sacks in the far corner. Rachel pushed away from the wooden trunk she leaned against, and scrambled over burlap sacks and wooden crates. She leaned over Billy’s body, and a sigh of relief escaped her lips. His chest moved rhythmically up and down. She touched the back of her hand to his forehead. He was cool to the touch.

Rachel rubbed at her sleepy eyes, and swept strands of hair from her face. Her coiled braid had come loose of its pins. She would have to re-braid it sometime this morning. Her head turned. Where were Tommy and David? Then she remembered that Mary had offered to take the two boys to her wagon for the night so Rachel could tend to Billy.

“Aunt Rachel?” Billy’s soft voice croaked. Rachel’s head snapped back to her nephew. His eyelids fluttered open, and he stirred to sit up.

“How are you feeling, Billy?” she asked softly. Running her hand over his forehead to smooth his hair back, she offered a warm smile.

“I don’t feel sick anymore. Jake took care of me.”

Jake! Rachel’s heart sped up like a bullet fired from a shotgun. Memories of the night came flooding back. He’d been convinced that Billy suffered from cholera. After she boiled a pot of water, Jake mixed several cups of it together with salt and sugar, and sat with the boy, coaxing him to drink the concoction along with plain water all night long. Each time Billy’s nausea forced the liquid back up, Jake made him drink more. Rachel had no idea what the purpose was in asking the boy to swallow all that liquid when his stomach obviously tried to reject it. She’d argued with Jake to let Billy’s stomach rest, but he’d simply told her to trust him.

Heat inched up her neck and into her cheeks. She did trust him. She trusted him, and so much more. You love him. She smiled softly at the memories of her forward behavior from the day before. After her talk with Mary Holland, Rachel realized fully that Jake Owens had worked his way into her heart from the moment she first met him.

A man doesn’t look at a woman the way he looks at you with the intention of walking away. Mary’s words echoed in her mind. Even Peter, during their six-month courtship, had never held her in such an intimate way or kissed her with such passion. And she’d returned Jake’s kiss with equal abandon. Peter certainly hadn’t evoked such an array of intense feelings in her that Jake did. Want, need, joy, even anger. She felt every range of emotion just thinking about the scout.

Was he courting her, in his own unconventional ways? His reputation as a man who’d been with lots of women and never stayed with one nagged at her. She wondered how many other women had fallen in love with Jake Owens, only to discover he had no intentions of staying in one place. Did he plan to ride away when they reached Oregon? He’d said she was unlike any woman he’d met before. She wasn’t sure what he meant by that. Could Jake give up his wandering ways?

“Can I get out of bed?” Billy said behind her, interrupting her contemplations.

“If you feel well enough. But I only want you to sit on the tailgate. No running around yet until I know you’re all better.” Jake seemed convinced that Billy had cholera. The boy appeared to be perfectly fine this morning. Perhaps he’d only had a simple stomach ailment after all.

People’s voices from outside the wagon reminded Rachel that she’d better hurry with her morning chores. She needed to gather buffalo chips for her fire, and set water on to boil for coffee. Mr. Wilson kept to a tight schedule. He only allowed for two hours in the morning for folks to prepare breakfast and get the teams hitched before calling “move out.”

She climbed from the tailgate, and glanced around the center of the wagon circle. Most women busily piled dried buffalo chips for their morning fires, and some already stirred the contents of their Dutch ovens. Someone had set her ovens on the ground by the rear wagon wheel. Both were scraped clean of the cobblers she’d prepared last night. Her stomach growled, reminding her that she never took the time to even eat supper. Since she already had a late start, perhaps Thomas would be satisfied with some simple biscuits and leftover buffalo meat for breakfast.

Her eyes roamed the camp. Where was Jake? She wondered if he would kiss her again today. Her body shuddered as delicious warm shivers coursed through her limbs. The memory of his kiss, and his strong arms wrapped around her in a protective embrace left her feeling almost giddy. The smile she wore froze on her face. She couldn’t openly show her affection for the man. Everyone in camp believed she was married to Thomas. Mr. Wilson couldn’t find out that she was, in fact, a single woman. How could she be with Jake, while pretending to be married to her brother? After what happened last evening, how long could she conceal her feelings in front of everyone and pretend indifference?

The first thing she had to do was talk to Thomas. She had to convince him to allow Jake to court her. Jake had told her yesterday that Thomas warned him to stay away. Rachel knew that Thomas didn’t think Jake was the right man for her. She would have to try and convince him otherwise.

Rachel moved to the fire pit. She’d whip up a batch of biscuits once her fire was lit. A loud moan behind her stopped her in her tracks. A cold chill ran down her spine, and her body turned in the direction of the sound. She didn’t see anyone except Billy by the wagon. The awful retching noises of someone vomiting were quickly followed by another moan. Rachel sped to the wagon’s side, and peered underneath the bed.

“Thomas?” She shrank back in horror. Her brother writhed on the ground in his sleeping blanket, clutching at his stomach. The skin on his face was of a bluish-gray hue, and soaked in sweat.

“Billy! Run and find Jake,” she called frantically, and dropped to her knees. A terrible stench emanated from her brother, and Rachel held her hand to her mouth, afraid she would be sick from the smell. Vomit was everywhere on the ground. She scooted as close to him as she could without getting the foul liquid on her dress.

“Thomas?” she called quietly, trying to hide the panic in her voice.

“Rachel, get back.” Jake’s forceful voice behind her startled her, just before he grabbed her arms, and not-too gently hauled her out from under the wagon.

“I have to help him,” she cried. “He’s sick.” Wide-eyed, she stared up at Jake. The uncharacteristically fearful look in his eyes as he pulled her away from her brother scared her almost as much as seeing Thomas lying under the wagon in his own vomit.

“He’s got cholera. Go and wash your hands the way I told you last night. I’ll take care of him.”

Terror at Jake’s words made her limbs go weak. “I’ll prepare your salt and sugar concoction. It worked on Billy.” Rachel’s eyes darted to her brother. Jake still held her by the upper arms, his focus shifting from her to Thomas on the ground. “Do something,” she yelled at him. Why was he just standing there?

Jake blinked, then released her. “Go make the solution. I’ll see what I can do. But wash your hands first.”

Rachel scurried on unsteady legs toward the fire pit where she’d left her kettle and a washbasin. Several people had obviously noticed the commotion, and came to see what was going on at her wagon. Mary rushed to her side, and put an arm around her shoulder.

“Can you . . . can you keep the children away from here, please,” Rachel said, her voice shaky.

“Of course, Rachel. Don’t worry. I’ll take care of them and get them something to eat.” She peered under the wagon at Thomas.

“Thank you.”

“Henry Granger is sick, too,” Mary said. “But not as bad as Thomas.”

Rachel remembered Henry Granger as the other man who’d gone with Thomas to re-bury the dead emigrants.

“Jake was instructing Henry’s wife to give him a mixture of salt and sugar water when Billy came to find him,” Mary continued. “Henry said he and Thomas both drank water from the river close to the graves.”

Jeb Miller came up beside her, and after offering his sympathies, called to the curious onlookers to get back to their own wagons, and to follow the safety measures Jake had talked about. Rachel soaked her hands in a pan of water that was left from the night before and scrubbed at them with lye soap. Then she measured out the amount of salt and sugar the way Jake had shown her when he treated Billy, and poured water from the kettle to mix the solution. She rushed back to the side of the wagon, and handed Jake the cup.

Thomas vomited again. Even with Jake forcing the liquid into him, he expelled it minutes later. Relentlessly, Jake forced the fluids down Thomas’ throat. After what seemed like an eternity, Thomas quieted, and fell into a restless sleep.

“Is he getting better?” Rachel’s voice quivered, staring up at Jake who’d just crawled out from under the wagon.

He wore a hard expression on his face, unlike anything she’d seen before. He didn’t answer for a long time.

“Jake? Is he getting better?” Rachel implored, the tears streaming down her face. She reached a hand out to touch his arm. She didn’t want to think about the possibility that her brother would die. Jake had made Billy better. He’d do the same for Thomas.

“I don’t know, Rachel. He’s pretty bad. He won’t keep anything down.” Jake’s jaw clenched, and the solemn look in his eyes sent a jolt of panic through her. “Dammit!” He punched at the wooden wagon bed. “He needs to be in a hospital with IV fluids. I don’t even know if what I’m giving him is the right thing to do.”

Rachel’s eyebrows drew together, and she shook her head slightly. She had no idea what Jake was talking about. The only hospitals she’d ever heard about were in the big cities back east.

“I swear to you I’ll do whatever I can to see him through this,” he added hastily. His hand reached up as if to touch her, but he quickly dropped it again. “The best thing you can do right now is keep the fire going, and the water boiling so we can keep giving him fluids to drink.”

“All right,” she said, too numb to say anything else.

Rachel poured more water into the kettle to set over the fire, when the loud voice of Frank Wilson boomed through camp. “Hitch up! Time to move out!”

Hitch up? What? Thomas was in no condition to be moved, let alone drive the wagon. Jake emerged from under the rig, and headed straight for Wilson.

“We have a very sick man here. He can’t be moved right now,” Jake barked at the wagon master, his arm pointing in the direction of Rachel’s wagon. Wilson leaned forward, inches from Jake’s face. Rachel stared at the two men who looked like a couple of dogs snarling at each other, ready to go at each other’s throats.

“We ain’t got time to wait around for one person, Owens. His wife can drive the wagon.”

“Thomas Parker is too sick. He won’t be able to handle the jostling of riding in a wagon.”

“Owens.” Mr. Wilson pointed his finger at Jake. “I got thirteen other families here I gotta worry about. Either Parker can move, or he stays put.”

“What the hell are you talking about?” Jake yelled. “You’re just going to leave him here?”

Wilson shrugged, and turned to walk away. “His wife can stay with him. If he survives, they can catch up, or wait for the next company to come through here.”

“Are you out of your goddamn mind?” Jake stomped after the wagon master. “You can’t leave a woman here alone in the middle of nowhere to tend to a sick man.”

Wilson shot him a cold stare. “I can, and I will.” He turned his attention back to the people who’d stopped what they were doing to watch the confrontation.

“Then I’m staying here, too,” Jake called after him.

Wilson slowly turned around and scoffed at him. “You signed on to scout for this train, Owens. You can’t stay here.”

“Stop me,” Jake sneered. With clenched fists at his side, he wheeled around and headed back in Rachel’s direction. From the burning anger in his eyes and firmly set lips, he looked ready to murder someone. As if he didn’t even notice her, Jake darted past and peered under the wagon. Rachel’s eyes followed him. Thomas writhed and moaned in his blankets, but hadn’t vomited again.

Mary rushed up beside her. “Rachel, I’ll take the children with me. You get your man . . . I mean your brother, better, and catch up with us.”

“Are you sure, Mary?” Rachel grabbed her friend’s arm.

“It’s best these kids don’t see their pa so sick. And you’ll have your hands full.”

Tears welled up in Rachel’s eyes. “Thank you. You’re a true friend.”

“We gotta help each other out here, don’t we?” Mary smiled weakly. “And I know you’ll be in good hands, too.” She nodded towards Jake.

Minutes later, wagons began to roll, and Rachel coughed at the dust that stirred in the air. She hugged Tommy, Billy, and David to her, and told them to be good boys and to listen to Mrs. Holland. David cried, refusing to let go of her skirt when Mary pulled him away.

“I’ll see you in a few days,” Rachel promised. “Just as soon as your papa is well, we’ll catch up.” She fought back the tears in her eyes as Tommy and Billy solemnly climbed into the back of the Holland’s wagon. David continued to call to her, and his cries echoed in her mind long after the train was out of earshot. Wiping at her face, she turned her attention back to the fire, thinking vaguely that she should cook something, do anything to keep her mind busy.

Jake picketed the mules so they wouldn’t follow the train out of habit. He hadn’t said a word to her. Did he regret his impulsive decision to stay behind with her? He erected a lean-to type tent against the side of the wagon, and moved Thomas out and away from the soiled blankets he’d lain in.

“Burn all this,” Jake said gruffly, and tossed the blankets by the fire. He washed his hands, scrubbing vigorously with the soap, then swept past her.

“Jake.” Rachel reached for his arm. He stopped, and finally made eye contact with her. His taut features soften slightly. “I’m sorry you’re here on my account. You should have ridden out with the train.”

He gave a short laugh. “And leave you here alone? I can’t do that.” He shook his head. Running a hand through his hair, he sniggered. “I might just have blown my chance at freedom back home, but what the hell was I supposed to do?” He pointed toward the line of wagons disappearing in the distance. “How can I watch out for all these people and keep you safe at the same time? I had to make a choice. I hope the good reverend will understand that.” He sounded as if he was reasoning with himself.

Confused, Rachel’s eyebrows drew together. He wasn’t making sense again. His arm muscles coiled tight under his shirt, and Rachel dropped her hand. He was clearly angry about the decision he’d made to stay behind with her. No sooner had she broken contact with him, and his own hand reached for her, pulling her to him. Rachel’s breath left her lungs, and she braced one hand against his chest. She’d longed to be in his arms since the night before, but with Thomas so sick at the moment, it didn’t feel right.

“I’d make the same choice again, Rachel,” he said, his voice deep and husky as he stared down at her. His fingers lightly caressed her cheek, and he dipped his head to claim her mouth. The instant his lips made contact with hers, she melted into him. His kiss was soft and gentle, not heated as it had been the previous evening, but the response in her was the same. Her heart raced in her chest, and warmth spread throughout her body, pooling in her gut.

Jake pulled his head back, and a tentative smile formed on his lips.

“Where’s home, Jake?” Rachel whispered, mesmerized from staring into his dark eyes. His body instantly tensed, and he dropped his arms away from her. His eyes contemplated her face, and he didn’t answer right away.

“What?” he asked, sounding uncomfortable all of a sudden.

“What did you mean when you said you might have blown your chance at freedom? Where do you call home?” Rachel elaborated.

“Right now, it’s in a California jail cell,” he finally answered, his jaw muscles tight. He stepped away from her.

California! Jail! Rachel’s mind refused to believe he was a criminal. She swallowed the lump in her throat, and realized suddenly how very little she really knew about Jake Owens. How was it possible that she had such strong feelings for him?

“What did you do to end up in jail?” she asked tentatively.

“I was accused of murder.” His stare was unwavering. “Reverend Johnson bailed me out, and said he’d clear my name if I agreed to scout for this wagon train.”

Murder! Reverend Johnson? Rachel groped her mind for understanding. Was he referring to the same Reverend Johnson as the one in Kannesville?

“The reverend’s been all the way to California and back?” Her eyes widened.

Jake laughed. “Oh, I think the good reverend’s been in a lot of places.” His eyes darkened, and the smile vanished from his face. “I didn’t kill anyone, Rachel. I was sent here to do a job so I can get my name cleared, and that’s what I aim to do.”

“Where do you live when you’re not in jail?” She’d never had the chance to openly talk to him about personal matters before. He couldn’t be guilty of murder if a man of the church believed in his innocence, could he?

“My home’s always been in Montana.”

“Is that part of the Oregon territory?” She’d never heard of this place before.

“Yeah, I guess it is.”

“Will you be going back there when . . . after you’ve completed your job?”

“Yeah. I think so. Coming here’s made me see that Montana’s really where I belong.” He faced her fully, and reached for her hand again. “My family runs a large ranch there. There’s trees and mountains, and I never thought I’d say this, but I can’t believe how much I miss it.” He laughed suddenly.

Rachel dropped her gaze to the ground and studied the sand. He’d be leaving when his job to get the wagon train to Oregon was completed. You knew he would. You can’t hold a man like him.

Jake lifted her chin with two fingers. “There’s only one thing missing that would make it perfect,” he whispered when she met his stare. He held her hand to his chest.

A raspy cough came from the lean-too and jolted her to the core. Both of their heads turned in the direction of the makeshift tent. Rachel stepped quickly away from Jake and rushed to the side of the wagon. The coughing and gagging increased, and Jake held her back when she would have crawled under the canvas.

“Thomas?” she called, and pushed her way past Jake and through the opening. The sight of her brother’s blue-tinged skin, gasping for air, filled her chest with terror unlike anything she’d ever felt.

Thomas stared wide-eyed at nothing. Rachel reached for her brother’s hand. His head turned in her direction. “I’m coming, Polly,” he rasped, and his hand relaxed in Rachel’s grip.

“No! Thomas,” Rachel squeezed his hand. She watched in horror as the last spark of life drained from his eyes. With one final shudder and heave and dip of his chest, Thomas Parker exhaled his final breath.

Too numb to react, Rachel stared at her brother’s lifeless form, and realized she was now completely on her own.





Chapter Sixteen





Jake swiped the back of his hand across his forehead, but droplets of sweat still managed to sting his eyes. He blinked to dispel the burn, then dumped the last shovel full of dirt onto the mound of freshly dug earth. He stuck the simple wooden cross he’d fashioned from two sticks he’d tied together with twine into the ground, and peered over his shoulder. Rachel stood quietly behind him, her hands clasped tightly in front of her, her solemn eyes on the grave. She’d barely spoken a word since yesterday afternoon, after Thomas had breathed his last breath.

Jake’s heart went out to her. From the moment he’d seen Thomas sick that morning, he’d known that it didn’t look good for Rachel’s brother. He’d already vomited so much by the time Rachel had found him, his body was dehydrated beyond recovery without intravenous fluids. The little bit of water he managed to keep down hadn’t been enough.

Rachel’s stoic behavior in the wake of her brother’s death unnerved him. She hadn’t cried. She’d walked away from the dead body, and gone about fixing a supper of rice, beans, biscuits, and leftover buffalo meat. When she barely touched her food, Jake had set his own plate aside, and tried to pull her into his arms. She’d pushed him away, and disappeared in the wagon for the rest of the night.

Jake decided to leave her alone with her grief. It had to be quite a shock to her. She was suddenly all alone on a trek across the country to a foreign land. What must be going through her mind? She had three little kids to worry about now, and no man to take care of her.

This journey might test her like nothing before. Reverend Johnson’s words haunted him now. The old man hadn’t been kidding. Jake wondered again how much the reverend knew. Had he foreseen Thomas’ death? That’s why the reverend gave her to you to protect. If he’d known all that, he would have also known that Jake would fall in love with her.

How would Rachel react if he told her he was from the future? He couldn’t possibly say anything to her, yet. Shortly before Thomas’ death, he’d almost asked her to come with him to Montana. She needed time to mourn her brother before he even thought to bring it up.

Jake gripped the shovel, and turned to face Rachel. He touched his hand to her shoulder and stepped closer. Her head snapped up; her eyes wide and shimmering. A slight breeze lifted strands of her hair that had come loose of its braid, and blew into her face. Jake wiped at her cheek and tucked the tendrils behind her ear.

“Would you like to say something?” he asked gently.

Rachel’s unfocused gaze darted from him to the grave, and back again. Her body shivered slightly. Her eyes suddenly filled with the tears she’d suppressed since yesterday. Jake expelled his breath, and pulled her into his arms. For a second, he thought she might object, but then her body went limp. She wrapped her arms around his middle, and buried her face in his shirt. Sobbing quietly, her body shook and quivered, and Jake held her in a tight embrace. He stroked the back of her head, and ran his hand up and down her back.

“Let it out, sweetheart. It’s okay to cry,” he whispered.

“He was all I had,” she rasped into his shirt. “All that was left of my family.”

Jake lifted her head from his chest. Her eyes glistened, and tears streamed down her face. “You still have the boys,” he offered, knowing it was probably not what she needed to hear. And you have me, he desperately wanted to add. This was not the time to bring it up. He still hadn’t worked it out in his own mind what to do about her once he reached the end of the trail in Oregon.

Rachel nodded slowly. “How am I going to tell them their papa is gone?”

Jake held her face between his hands, and swiped at her tears with his thumbs. “We’ll figure it out.” He eased her head against his chest, and simply held her. Consoling a grief-stricken woman was unfamiliar territory.

It would be so easy to tell her right now that he wanted her to come to Montana with him. But that meant he also had to tell her he was from the future. He couldn’t possibly drop such a bomb on her. Not yet, anyway. He could simply tell her he’d stay with her in Oregon, but he didn’t want to lie to her. One way or another, he’d figure out a way to keep her, whether in this time or in the twenty-first century. Would she even want to stay with him? She obviously had feelings for him, but did she love him?

Thomas had told him she had no experience with men, and thought she was simply infatuated with him. She herself had told him she’d surrendered to him, that she was tired of running from his pursuit of her. Jake’s jaw clenched, and he cursed silently. He didn’t want her surrender. He wanted her love. The innocent ways she’d kissed him told him she was unsure of herself. He had to tread lightly, and go slow.

The late afternoon breeze whooshed gently around them, cooling Jake’s face. Crickets and other evening bugs grew louder amongst the sage and grasses. Coyotes yipped in the far-off distance, and one of the mules brayed along the river. Jake’s mare pinned her ears at the annoying beast, and lumbered away towards the banks of the Platte, sticking her nose in the water for a drink. She swooshed her tail in an agitated manner, evening bugs swarming around her rump.

How long he stood there in the open, flat expanse of the Nebraska prairie, holding Rachel in his arms, Jake had no idea. The evening sun slowly sank in the western horizon, painting the sky different shades of orange, red, and purple. She’d stopped sobbing some time ago, and her body had stilled as if she’d fallen asleep. He eased his upper body away from her, and she moaned softly.

“Don’t let go of me.” Her soft request was almost inaudible. Jake’s heart ignited in his chest. I’ll never let you go.

“Let’s get back to the wagon, Rachel,” he said, instead of what was really on his mind. He tried to step back, but her grip around him tightened. Jake bent and hooked his arm behind her knees, and lifted her off the ground. Like a vice, she wrapped her arms around his neck. Jake cursed silently. If he didn’t know any better . . .

No, Rachel was reacting out of grief. She clung to him because he was the only person available. He couldn’t take advantage of her. Adjusting his hold on her, he carried her back to camp. He’d come back for the shovel later. She rested her head against his shoulder, and a multitude of emotions exploded in him. Her grip around his neck didn’t ease up. She had no idea what she was doing to him.

Back at the wagon, he tried to set her on the tailgate. “If you’d like to rest, I’ll fix some supper,” he whispered in her ear. Rachel lifted her head, and stared up into his eyes. Her blue pools still glistened with the remnants of her tears, but there was also something else. Her pupils widened, her face inches from his.

“Kiss me, Jake,” she demanded softly. Jake cursed under his breath.

“Rachel, I don’t think –”

She leaned up and pressed her lips to his, her arms tightening around his neck to draw him closer. Inexperience showed in the hesitant way in which she moved her mouth against his. Jake groaned, and his biceps bunched as he drew her firmly to his chest. He opened his mouth slightly and adjusted his lips over hers, and took command of the kiss. His body roared to life. Against his better judgment, he slanted his mouth across hers, giving in to the fire that ignited inside of him.

Rachel moaned softly, and Jake’s hold on her tightened. Without breaking the kiss, he backed away from the wagon, and carried her to his bedroll several feet away. He carefully sank to his knees, eased her onto the blanket, and bent over her.

Finally, he pulled his head back as far as she allowed. Her grip around his neck hadn’t let up, as if she was afraid he would vanish if she loosened her hold. He studied her face for a moment, trying to contain his out-of-control breathing. His heart hammered in his chest, and his body responded to her undeniable request.

The look in her eyes was not that of a woman in the throes of passion. She stared up at him, fear and panic clearly ready to burst to the surface. He eased himself next to her and gathered her in his arms. Her awkward and innocent attempts to kiss him again confirmed what he already knew. Her grief-stricken mind needed to cling to someone for comfort, and he was the only other person available.

Jake cupped her cheek with his hand, and held her away from him. Confusion registered in her eyes.

“Jake,” she whispered, trying to catch her breath. “Please . . . I need you.”

Jake sucked in a lungful of air. “Sweetheart, this isn’t what you need right now.” He leaned over and kissed her gently. “You don’t know what you’re asking.”

“Yes, I do. I want to be with you.”

Jake rolled to his back, and stared up at the darkening sky. Stars twinkled in the dim light, shimmering like a sea of diamonds.

“This isn’t how to deal with your grief and loss, Rachel,” he said almost firmly, clenching his jaw. He fought for self-control. How easy it would be to take her up on her offer. He’d fantasized about this for weeks, since the first time he laid eyes on her. This wasn’t how he’d planned to make love to her. He wanted her to want him, free of guilt or a sense of loss and grief. She’d never forgive herself, or him, if he complied with her request.

“Come here,” he whispered, and drew her back into his arms. She molded herself against him, and Jake hissed. This night would test him like nothing ever had. He kissed her again, and eased her head against his shoulder. “Just lie here, and let me hold you,” he said, stroking her back.

“You promise you won’t leave me?” Her voice cracked.

“I’m not going anywhere.” His answer seemed to satisfy her, and she relaxed against him. Jake’s arms tightened protectively around her, and he sucked in a deep breath. When was the last time you refused a woman, Owens? He almost laughed out loud.





Rachel opened her eyes. Everything around her was dark. The loud chirping of crickets mixed with the relaxing gurgle of running water. An overwhelming sadness swept over her, and her eyes welled up with tears. Thomas was dead. She hadn’t even told him goodbye. He’d succumbed so quickly to the cholera, she had no chance to talk to him. She recalled how he spoke his wife’s name, and realized her brother was now at peace.

Rachel inhaled a deep shuddering breath. She was alone, all alone in an unfamiliar land, heading for an unfamiliar destination. Lying on her side, she shivered and groped for a blanket. Her backside was warm, and she scooted closer to the source of the heat. Her arm bumped into something solid, and Rachel froze. Someone breathed softly against her neck.

Jake! He stirred next to her, but resumed his steady breathing. An arm clamped tighter around her middle and drew her closer to his solid form. Rachel held her breath.

“Oh, God,” she whispered. More memories flooded her mind. She’d watched Jake bury her brother this afternoon before she’d given in to her sorrow and cried in his arms. He had carried her back to camp. Overcome with grief and despair, a near panic had threatened to overtake her. Everyone she loved was gone. Dead. Irrational fear had gripped her. Fear that Jake would vanish from her life, too, and she clung to him like a tick on a hound. Tears of shame flowed down her cheeks. She’d asked . . . no, she’d practically begged him to bed her out of desperation. An overwhelming need to be loved and held in the security of someone’s arms had driven her to behave the way she did. What had she hoped to gain from it? A commitment from him to stay with her? She hadn’t been thinking rationally. How could she ever face him in the morning?

She tried to scoot away from his side, but his arm held her like a vice. She didn’t want to wake him, and relaxed her tense muscles. She craved the relief his embrace provided, relief from the pain of loss, and the turmoil in her mind about her uncertain future. She wasn’t alone in this vast unknown world. The most wonderful feeling of safety and security rushed through her, lying in Jake’s arms, along with an unfamiliar need and longing.

Why had Jake refused her? Everything she’d heard about him would have her think he wouldn’t hesitate to accept what she’d offered. He’d adamantly told her no. A deep respect and love welled up inside her for the man lying so intimately next to her. He hadn’t taken advantage of her vulnerability, although he’d had every opportunity to do so. She wasn’t sure another man would have acted as nobly.

Rachel sniffed, and wiped at her eyes, careful not to disturb Jake. She relaxed fully against him, drawing warmth and comfort from him. In the morning, they would hitch up the wagon to catch up with the others, leaving Thomas in his lonely grave on this vast prairie. Losing him weighed heavily on her, but she drew comfort in the fact that he was in a better place, and reunited with his wife.

“I’ll take good care of the boys, Thomas,” she whispered. Somehow, she’d make it on her own. She had to be strong for the children’s sake. Hadn’t she done most everything else on her own so far? Over the last two years, her brother’s withdrawal from life had left her in charge of everything. This would be no different. Even without a man’s protection, she would persevere. Rachel stared into the darkness. She had three children to think about now. They depended on her.

She had no doubt that Jake would help her get to Oregon. Hopefully Mr. Wilson would allow her to continue on with the company. Being widowed was different than being an unmarried woman. He couldn’t simply leave her behind. She didn’t know what she might do if he refused to allow her to continue. Her best option might be to return to Ohio, but she’d come this far, and she couldn’t go back to her childhood home. The memories of her family would be too much to bear.

Once they reached Oregon, she would claim the land that the government promised in exchange for five years of working and producing crops. She could do this on her own. She might have to hire someone to build her a house, but she’d planted crops before, and tended the fields. Perhaps someday the right man would come along, and she would marry.

The right man is sleeping beside you this very moment. Rachel shook her head slightly at the thought. She’d fallen in love with the wrong man. What had attracted her to him in the first place? His good looks? His wild ways? Even his unconventional speech and brazen manners were exciting, no matter how infuriating they were at times.

Images of Peter entered her mind. She remembered him as a quiet, polite, and hardworking young man. Back then, she thought he was her perfect match. She smiled sadly. He would have offered her a safe and secure life, but it would also have been dull and uneventful. Jake wasn’t boring and stuffy. He made her heart beat faster each time he looked at her. Warmth seeped from the strong arm that held her tightly to him into her belly and throughout her body. If only she could hold him like that.

Tentatively, she covered his hand with her own. She could never ask him to stay with her. He’d made his intentions clear. He was leaving, and there was nothing she could do but move on with her own life, and try and forget Jake, the first man she’d ever loved.

Rachel closed her eyes, savoring the way Jake held her in his sleep. She leaned against his solid strength. It made her feel cherished and wanted. For the remainder of this night, she could pretend that he loved her, and would always hold her like this. Morning would come soon enough.





Chapter Seventeen





Jake woke at the crack of dawn to find Rachel’s soft body molded against his. Her head rested on his arm, and his other arm wrapped possessively around her middle. Her hand covered his, while his own hand pressed against one of her breasts. Without thinking, his fingers brushed over the fabric of her dress, and her body responded to his touch. She moaned softly, and wiggled closer to him.

Jake groaned. His heated reaction to her became painfully unbearable, and he clenched his jaw. Cursing silently, he eased away from her. His restraint from the night before might not last this morning, not with her this responsive even in her sleep. Slowly, he pulled his arm out from beneath her head.

“Jake?” her sleepy voice rasped.

He froze.

“Go back to sleep. It’s still early,” he whispered in her ear. She turned her head in his direction, and reached for him.

“I’m not leaving, Rachel. I’ll just get a fire started,” he said to reassure her.

She sighed softly, and nodded almost imperceptibly. Her body twisted until she faced him fully, and she buried her face in his shirt. Jake’s gut tightened when she draped her arm around his waist. He sucked in a deep breath of air.

He’d managed to finally fall asleep last night after lying awake for hours, holding Rachel in a protective embrace. His future played out before him during those sleepless hours, as he mulled over countless possibilities about what he should do once this assignment was over. Every scenario included Rachel. He couldn’t picture his life without her in it. How could she affect him so intensely in such a short amount of time?

Reverend Johnson had told him this assignment was Jake’s chance to turn his life around and to figure out exactly where he belonged. The journey wasn’t even halfway over yet, and Jake already had his answers. After weeks on the trail, he realized how much he missed Montana. The city didn’t call to him anymore. He was meant to be on his family’s cattle and guest ranch, working outdoors with horses and steers. Nothing compared to living in the “old west” for real, experiencing the hardships and determination of these pioneers firsthand. He was almost eager to return home to share his experiences with his family. Somehow he would make it up to his parents for all the hurt he’d caused them when he took off for the city. His wandering days were over.

Without Rachel, however, his life wouldn’t be complete. He wanted her to come home to him in Montana. He desperately needed to talk to the reverend. This had to have been the old man’s plan all along. If he could send Jake to the past, surely he could send Rachel to the future.

Jake tightened his hold around the girl sleeping in his arms. He couldn’t let her go. He would stay in the nineteenth century if she couldn’t come with him. If that’s what the reverend had in mind for him, there would be no need to tell Rachel about time travel. He had no idea how she would react to such a revelation. The best thing he could do for now was to remain silent on the matter, and not say anything to her, including how he felt about her. Once he talked to the reverend, he’d know what to do, but Jake was absolutely sure of one thing: he refused to live in either century without her. But first he had to convince her that he wasn’t the jackass she thought he was. He pressed his lips to the top of her head, and a veil of warmth wrapped itself around his heart. Whatever it takes, sweetheart. I promise that eventually you’ll see me as someone other than a guy who’s only out to score with you.

Rachel stirred in his embrace, and Jake eased his hold on her. Her face moved away from his chest, and she lifted her head toward him. Her eyes fluttered open. In the dawning light, she looked so darn cute, her head nestled in the crook of his arm, staring up at him, a hint of confusion in her sleepy eyes. A fresh rush of adrenaline surged through him. She was meant to be his.

Her lips parted slightly as if she wanted to say something, then closed again. A soft content smile spread across her face, her eyes still unfocused in the chasm between sleep and wakefulness. A wave of heat and tenderness crashed into his heart, and his chest constricted almost painfully. The love that rushed through him was almost more than he could stand.

Before he could stop himself, Jake cupped the back of her head and touched his lips to hers. Just one light kiss. Slowly, he moved his mouth across hers. His arm tightened around her waist, and the flame of desire inside him roared to life more fully than before. A cattle stampede couldn’t have held him back at the moment. Touching her lips lightly was no longer enough. Jake cursed himself silently. Reluctantly, he forced his lips from her mouth. His hand cupped her cheek, and he stared down into blue eyes that were filled with a hint of wonder, surprise, and . . . desire.

“Jake,” she whispered his name, and reached her hand up to touch his face.

Jake clenched his jaw and cursed again. His actions were no longer his own. With a throaty groan, he brought his mouth back down on hers. He intensified his kiss, slanting his lips across hers. He raked his fingers through her hair, and rolled her onto her back.

Rachel’s hands clutched at his back and shoulders, her touch scorching his skin through the cotton shirt he wore. Her soft moans and innocent response fueled his desire to even greater heights. He knew he had to stop. This was definitely not how he planned to prove his case that he wasn’t the lowlife she thought he was. His lips trailed along her cheek and down to her neck. Her short gasps for air would be his undoing. His hand along her waist traveled up her side and back down again, and he tried to commit every curve of her soft body to memory.

Rachel squirmed beneath him. With a willpower he didn’t think he possessed, he forced himself away from her. He cleared his throat, and ran a hand through his hair.

“I’m sorry, Rachel,” he said in a raspy voice, and tried to contain his out of control breathing. Acting like a coward, he couldn’t even look her in the eye. Rachel was grieving for her brother, dammit, and he was behaving like a jerk, taking complete advantage of her. He sure as hell wasn’t making a good case for himself as an honorable guy. Jake rolled to his other side. His heart was sure to jump right up into his throat. When had a woman ever made him feel so completely out of control? Gritting his teeth, he pushed himself off the ground. He needed to put some distance between them, or he might lose his mind altogether.

“I’ll get a fire started,” he grumbled. Without looking back, he headed toward the river.





Rachel sat up straight in the wagon, adjusting the reins in her hand. Her sweaty palms made holding on to the leather difficult. The lines slipped through her fingers time and again. Blisters already formed on her palms from the unaccustomed task of driving the team. When Jake called a stop for the noon rest, she would have to dig out Thomas’ gloves to wear. The wagon bounced over a rut in the hard packed road, and Rachel gritted her teeth. She definitely preferred walking to the jarring ride in the wagon.

Squinting her eyes, she looked ahead. As far as she could see, the endless prairie stretched before her, with only the occasional swell of a hill changing the outline. Two lines of wagon ruts scarred the ground, which served as a guide where to steer the mules. Jake rode far ahead of her, sometimes disappearing from sight. He’d acted quiet and surly this morning after his abrupt departure from his bedroll. Waking from a content sleep, Rachel found herself in his arms, his lips pressed to hers. What she’d first thought was a dream had quickly turned to reality. The wonderful feelings that rushed through her were indescribable. It was as if liquid fire surged through her, and she gripped Jake’s back, wanting to hold him to her for as long as possible. Her waist, and all along her sides and ribcage hummed with the memory of his hands on her. Her breasts suddenly tingled.

Why had he stopped so abruptly? He seemed angry when he jumped up from the ground. Rachel swallowed back the lump in her throat. Did she not measure up to his usual lady friends? She had no experience in these matters, and didn’t even know how to approach him about it. She certainly didn’t want to come across as some wanton woman.

The night before weighed shamefully on her mind. He’d refused her then, too. What if Jake had accepted her desperate plea for comfort during her time of despair and grief? Rachel expelled the air from her lungs, and swiped at her moist forehead. They’d barely spoken all morning. His sullen attitude reminded her of Thomas, and experience had taught her to leave a man alone when he was in such a mood. Thomas had only become angrier when she’d tried to approach him during those times. Before Thomas’ death, Jake had seemed pleased that she finally accepted his attention after weeks of taunting her. What had caused him to change his mind?

Earlier this morning, Jake had silently prepared a breakfast of flapjacks, proving himself rather competent at the task. He’d eaten quickly and told her to get ready to leave, that they needed to catch up with the other wagons. While she spent a few quiet moments at Thomas’ grave after packing away the supplies, Jake had hitched the team. He’d offered to drive the wagon, but she assured him she was quite capable.

The morning hours dragged on excruciatingly slow. Rachel’s back ached from the jarring ride, and her arm muscles burned from controlling the team. She hadn’t focused on the road ahead in quite some time when the three-beat clopping of a galloping horse overrode the jingling of harness and steady, even cadence of the mules’ hooves on the ground.

Rachel raised her head and squinted beyond the ears of the mules. Jake reined in his horse alongside the wagon. The frown on his face made her heart leap to her throat. She pulled back on the leather lines, and brought the wagon to a halt.

“There’s a rig about a mile up ahead,” Jake said, meeting her eyes. “The Horners.” He paused, his lips drawn in a tight line. A sinking feeling came over her at his hard stare. “They’re all dead.”

Rachel’s hand covered her mouth. “Cholera?” she asked quietly. Jake nodded.

“We’ll stop here for a while. I need to go burn everything.”

“Burn? Shouldn’t we bury them?” The thought sent shivers down her spine.

“It’s faster than digging three holes, and less chance of contaminating more of the area,” Jake said gruffly.

Rachel didn’t argue with him, but wondered silently why Jake had buried Thomas if he thought burning would prevent the spread of the disease. She remembered Mr. and Mrs. Horner, and their quiet son Michael. How could an entire family just die like that? What if Ben or Mary Holland were sick, too? What about the boys?

“I think the parents got sick, and Wilson left them behind. Michael hasn’t been dead more than a few hours.”

“How many more are sick and dying?” Rachel wondered. She stood on unsteady legs to climb from the wagon. Jake leaped from his horse and reached for her before she had a chance to put her foot on the wagon wheel.

“I don’t know,” he said, his breath warm against her ear. His hands spanned her waist as he lifted her from the wagon, and she held on to his shoulders for support. He swallowed, his jaw tense, and stared down into her eyes. Rachel held his gaze.

“Don’t think about it right now. Until we catch up with the others, there’s no sense worrying. I only hope the majority of them are following my instructions and are boiling water and washing their hands.”

“I know Mary and Ben Holland will do what you told them.” She lowered her head to study the dust on the ground. Tears threatened just behind her eyes. What if her boys were sick, and she wasn’t there to take care of them? She couldn’t bear losing any more members of her family.

“The boys are fine, Rachel.” Jake’s hand tightened at her waist. He’d read her mind correctly. “Billy had a mild case. He, Tommy and David are in good hands with Mary.” He raised her chin with his fingers. He wore a serious expression that suddenly softened. Rachel concentrated on the dimples in his cheeks when his mouth curved in a reassuring smile. He hadn’t removed his hand from under her chin, and his fingers slowly slid up along her jaw, his thumb stroking her cheek.

Rachel’s pulse quickened, and her knees went weak. Memories of this morning rushed to the forefront of her mind. The way he’d held her and kissed her was as she imagined intimacy to be like between a husband and wife. Polly had made it no secret that she enjoyed the marriage bed with Thomas.

Rachel’s eyes stung with unshed tears. Thinking of Polly and Thomas reminded her that her world had become one of death and sorrow. Jake Owens, the man standing before her, who touched her with such passion one moment and tenderness the next, held the last shred of sunshine in her heart.

“Nothing in this world makes sense anymore, Jake.” She gazed up at him. Nothing but you.

The muscles along either side of his jaw twitched. He stared at her for a long time, but Rachel couldn’t read the emotions that swept across his face. Uncertainty perhaps?

“I’d better get to work, ” he finally said, and released her.

“Jake.” She grabbed his arm when he moved to turn away. She waited for him to face her fully. “Thank you. For being here. For everything.”

He inhaled a deep breath, and swiped his hand across his face. “Rachel, there are some things in my past, things I need to sort out.” He placed his hand over hers on his arm.

“The murder charges?” It didn’t matter to her. He’d told her he was innocent. Reverend Johnson believed he was innocent.

“There’s more. I just can’t talk about it right now. Once I’ve got it worked out . . .”

He didn’t complete his thought. He cursed under his breath and wheeled around, kicking at a rock in the dirt. Just as abruptly, he faced her again, and grabbed her by the upper arms.

“You’re not alone, Rachel. I’m here for you, and I’ll get you safely to Oregon. You and the boys. I’ll take care of you.”

A fierce intensity ignited in his eyes.

“All right, Jake,” she said firmly, and nodded. It would have to be enough for now. Rachel wanted to say so much more to him. She wanted to tell him that she loved him. Fear of rejection kept her from saying the words. He’d said he’d get her to Oregon, but not that he planned to stay. She would not beg him to stay with her, so she held back her thoughts. Perhaps in time, Jake Owens might learn to love her. Oregon was still a long way away.





Chapter Eighteen





Fort Laramie stood like a square sentinel on top of a low rise, looking out of place in the middle of this vast and desolate prairie. For over a month, Rachel hadn’t seen a hint of civilization anywhere, and this structure came as a complete surprise to her. Beyond the man-made fortress, in the far-off distance, the first dark outlines of mountains became visible against the horizon. The North Platte River flowed in its irregular pattern to their left, and sparse stands of cottonwoods lined the riverbanks. The trail was deep with sand, and slowed them down considerably, the mules straining in their shafts.

Jake sat next to her on the wagon seat, his elbows resting casually on his knees as he held the reins lightly between his fingers. He looked toward the fort with interest sparkling in his eyes.

“I’m sure you’ve been to the fort often. What’s it like?” Rachel asked, breaking the silence between them. They hadn’t spoken most of the morning, each absorbed in their own thoughts. After burning the bodies of the Horner family, along with their wagon and possessions, Jake had tied the deceased family’s team of mules to the back of her wagon along with his mare. They’d wordlessly resumed their journey, stopping just before nightfall.

Rachel was puzzled by Jake’s uncharacteristic quiet behavior throughout the remainder of the day and into the evening and next morning, so unlike the outspoken man she’d first met a month ago. He’d said he had things to sort out. Something told her it was best to leave him alone with his thoughts.

“I’ve only been to Fort Laramie once, a long time ago,” he finally answered. He chuckled, and shook his head. “And this area looks nothing like what I remember.”

Rachel’s gaze followed his line of vision, puzzled by his answer. She’d assumed that, as a scout, he would have many dealings here at the fort. She dismissed her thoughts for now, taking in the scenery before her. From their approach, she guessed they were still several miles from the fort. Dozens and dozens of covered wagons camped along a cottonwood-lined river that looked to be a tributary of the Platte. Countless Indian teepees and various other tents of all shapes and sizes were spread out between the wagons. Rachel squinted to see familiar rigs, but they were still too far away. Her heart sped up at the thought of seeing the boys, dreading what she would have to tell them.

Another kind of apprehension filled her. She’d been alone with Jake for several days. The busybodies of their company would fill their coffers with fodder for more speculation and rumors about her. Rachel sat up straighter. Why should it matter to her what they thought?

She turned her head to find Jake staring at her intently. Her pulse quickened. He pulled back on the reins, and the wagon lurched to a stop.

“Why are we stopping?” she asked, her palms suddenly sweaty.

Jake twisted on the stiff seat beside her. “Because I want just one more moment alone with you.” His eyes smoldered.

Rachel gaped at him, and the butterflies churned in her stomach. The slight breeze on her face couldn’t cool the sudden heat that crept up her neck. She blinked, but couldn’t tear her eyes from the intensity of his stare. She was sure that, even if her life depended on it, she wouldn’t be able to produce a single coherent word at the moment. He wanted to be alone with her? What did that mean?

Her silent question was answered in the next moment. Jake brought his hand up to her face. His calloused palm slid up along her cheek, and his fingers worked themselves into some loose strands of hair at the nape of her neck.

Rachel drew in a breath of air. Since yesterday morning, she’d yearned for him to touch her again. She couldn’t go on pretending she felt nothing for him, when his simple, tender touch made her want to melt into him. Her hand trembled, and she reached for his arm.

I wish we had more time alone. She couldn’t utter the words.

She closed her eyes and savored the feeling of his gentle hands on her face. He inched closer, his firm thigh pressed up against hers. He slipped his arm around her waist and pulled her to him. Rachel’s heart raced in her chest, her heartbeats pounding loudly in her ears. This was different than waking up in his arms, when she hadn’t been aware of him. How was she expected to react? What if she didn’t respond the right way? She wanted to show him that she loved him, that she regretted their time alone was coming to an end.

Jake’s thumb caressed her cheek. Her skin tingled to life where he touched her, and she leaned into his palm. His tender touch was no longer enough. She ached for the intense pleasurable feelings he’d brought to life in her the other morning. If she was to be labeled as a wanton, she didn’t care at the moment. Rachel opened her eyes. His penetrating stare greeted her.

“There’s so much I want to say to you.” He gritted his teeth as he spoke. “Things I can’t tell you.”

Rachel’s eyebrows drew together, and she shook her head, not understanding. Her fingers wrapped around his hand.

“Jake, I—”

She couldn’t finish. In the next instant, his mouth was on hers, and she forgot everything else. His lips slid across hers in a soft caress. Undemanding. Gentle. Heat rushed through her insides, and her head spun dizzily. Rachel leaned forward. She craved more than a tender kiss. Liquid fire rushed through her veins. She threw her arms around his neck, and pressed her body to his solid form wherever she could. Unfulfilled yearning surged through her, settling in her stomach, raising a new need and awareness within her. Never had she imagined that a man could bring forth such intense feelings in her.

Jake’s kiss froze on her lips and he pulled back slightly. “Rachel?” he mumbled. His eyes widened in surprise.

Rachel eased her hold around his neck. Was she doing something wrong? The thought had barely crossed her mind when he let out a throaty groan, and his mouth slanted across hers in a heated onslaught. His hands slid up and down her back, gripped her by the waist, and moved further down. He grabbed her thigh, pulling her leg across his lap. Rachel gasped for air. She clung to his shoulders, parting her lips to respond to his kiss. Slowly, over the last few days, she’d learned how to kiss him back, and she pressed her mouth more fully to his. Breathing became impossible. Every nerve ending where he touched her sprang to life.

Jake’s lips trailed hot kisses along her cheek, then down her throat. With each passing second, his actions increased in intensity. He pulled her fully onto his lap, and buried his head along her neck.

Rachel moaned his name, her hands raking though his hair, holding him to her. She shuddered in his embrace, chills of pleasure rippling up and down her spine. Jake’s hand slid between them and covered her breast, his thumb stroking across her sensitive area.

“God, Rachel, what are you doing to me?” he breathed in her ear. “And what am I going to do about you?”

Don’t ever let me go. Please say you’ll never let me go.

He suddenly pulled back. Cupping her face between his hands, his eyes smoldered with an almost feral ferocity. He brought his mouth down on hers again. Slowly, he softened his kiss, until it ended as it had started, with an almost tender caress of his lips against hers.

“Don’t stop,” she whispered, and wrapped her arms more fully around his neck. She forced air into her starved lungs, her chest heaving as if she’d just exerted herself by running for miles. Her heartbeats pulsed in her lips and drummed in her ears. An unfamiliar ache throbbed in the lower regions of her abdomen, and she was sure that only he could make it go away.

Rachel pressed her lips to his, unwilling to let go of him. With every second that ticked by, her feeling of an unexplainable need intensified. If he kissed her just a while longer, surely it would satisfy her hunger.

Jake gripped her waist, and pulled his head back slightly. His dark eyes registered renewed surprise as they roamed her face. His breathing was as labored as her own, and he rested his forehead against hers.

“Sweetheart, I have to stop,” he whispered hoarsely. His words sounded forced, as if he was in pain. He peeled one of her hands away from his neck, and held it to his chest. His heart beat strong and wild beneath her palm through the fabric of his shirt.

“Why?” she uttered. Why did he have to stop? When they returned to their company, there would be few opportunities to be together like this. Shame and embarrassment suddenly crept into her thoughts. Had she done something wrong? He’d rejected her twice already. How could he not feel what she was feeling, like her insides would burn up if he didn’t continue what he started?

“I don’t know how I’m going to survive these next few months,” he said, his voice raspy. “You’re driving me absolutely crazy. You have no idea how gorgeous and desirable you are.” His hands slid up and down her back. Rachel’s heart swelled with love for him. Would he tell her he loved her now?

“Jake, I . . . I lo–”

“Hey, that’s the Parkers’ rig,” a loud voice shouted from somewhere behind the wagon. The voice was quickly followed up by the sounds of hoof beats. One of the mules tied to the back of the wagon brayed.

Rachel nearly fell from Jake’s lap. He grabbed her arm to steady her. Hastily, she slid back onto the seat next to him. She ran a quick trembling hand up her flaming hot face and smoothed back the hair that had come loose from her bun. What if they had been seen just a few minutes sooner? Perspiration trickled between her breasts at the thought. She shot a quick glance at Jake. The look on his face was murderous, and he cursed under his breath.

“Yep. That’s Jake’s horse,” someone else called. Seconds later, Jeb Miller and Ben Holland pulled up alongside the wagon. Rachel tried to suck air into her lungs. The hard lump in her throat made it nearly impossible.

Jeb Miller tapped his finger to his hat, and smiled brightly at her. “Mrs. Parker. Glad you caught up with us.” His eyes darted to Jake, then back to Rachel. God! What if he saw us? Rachel wished the wagon’s floorboards would swallow her up.

“Miller,” Jake grunted. He casually ran his hand through his hair and leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. How could he remain so composed? “We found the Horner wagon yesterday. Everyone dead.”

Jeb Miller shook his head. “Plumb shame. Henry Granger recovered. The Horners were the only other people who had it bad. Had a few other folks with some stomach cramps, but nothing else. How’s Thomas?”

Jake shook his head. Jeb Miller yanked his hat from his head. “So sorry, ma’am,” he said, addressing Rachel. All she could do was nod, and avert her eyes. Jeb Miller cleared his throat.

“Well, ah, we’re camped here for a few days. Got here yesterday. Wilson says for folks to stock up on things they need, and to get rid of stuff they don’t to lighten up the wagons, and make any necessary repairs. Best head on over to camp.”

“Your boys will be glad to see you, Mrs. Parker. They’ve missed you,” Ben Holland said.

A heavy sigh of relief escaped Rachel’s lungs. The boys were all right.

“Lead the way, Miller,” Jake said, and slapped the reins against the mules’ backs. He shot her a look, regret and longing clearly written on his face, before his facial features hardened, and he stared straight ahead. Rachel clutched her hands in her lap. Her body still hummed from Jake’s touch. She vowed to tell him that she loved him at the next opportunity.





“We’re going to head over to the fort. Ben wants to see about some blacksmithing he needs done on the wagon, and I have some letters to mail. How about going with us, Rachel?”

Rachel turned to face Mary Holland. Wiping David’s face, she glanced around the hustle and bustle of this large camp, hoping to find Jake among the throng of people. Emigrants mixed with Indians and white traders, dogs barked, and horses whinnied. She hadn’t had a moment's peace and quiet since they’d arrived yesterday.

Jake had secured a place alongside the Holland wagon to park her rig when they arrived. He’d taken care of the mules while she reunited with her nephews. She hadn’t seen him since he left camp after supper. He’d simply told her a hasty good night, and then disappeared.

David had refused to let go of her for most of the day, clinging to her neck like a tick on a hound. Quietly, she’d explained to Tommy and Billy that their papa was now with their mama, and that both their parents were watching them from heaven. The boys had quietly accepted her explanation that their mama must have been really lonely, and needed their papa with her, and that the four of them would now have to look out for each other.

Talking to the children about family made her wonder about Jake. She knew he harbored ill feelings toward his family for some unknown reason. Perhaps she would ask him about it, if they ever found a moment alone together again. Several companies of emigrant trains were encamped here, not to mention all the Indians and traders. Finding time to be alone with Jake might be impossible.

Rachel stretched her neck, trying to see past a group of Indian teepees. She couldn’t see Jake anywhere among the many people. Indian men dressed in nothing but loincloths milled about, while women carried naked children on their backs. Rachel couldn’t help but smile. What would Harriet Edwards think of these people and their lack of modesty?

Some of the white traders had Indian wives, Rachel noticed. None of those men looked like anyone she would want to engage in business with. The women peddled moccasins and beaded jewelry, and many emigrants paid good money for the footwear.

Mary patted her on the arm. She smiled knowingly when Rachel looked her way. “Ben was at a meeting earlier about which route to follow when we leave tomorrow. Jake is with them, arguing with Mr. Wilson again. Come and enjoy some time at the fort with me, and let the menfolk talk business. I hear it’s almost like a real town in there. It’ll get your mind off of him.”

Rachel smiled softly, and lowered her gaze. “Is it that obvious?”

Mary leaned forward to whisper in her ear. “If I didn’t know better, you’ve got the look about you like a newlywed bride.” She cast expectant eyes at her.

“Oh, no, nothing like that,” Rachel said quickly, and shook her head. Heat crept up her neck into her cheeks. “I . . . we haven’t—”

Mary laughed. “Don’t say another word, Rachel. I’m sure you haven’t, but looking at Annabelle Edwards over there, she’s about as green as the grass growing along the riverbank.”

Rachel’s gaze followed where Mary jutted her chin. Sure enough, Annabelle Edwards stood by her family’s wagon, glaring at her. Rachel turned away. She didn’t care what the little twit or her mother thought.

“All right, Mary. A trip to the fort sounds like a fine idea.” Rachel couldn’t think of anything she needed at the post trader’s store. She still had plenty of supplies, and with one less adult, her provisions would last even longer. She’d also heard someone mention that goods in the store were outrageously expensive.

Mary’s smile widened, and she called to her husband that they were ready to go. Rachel rounded up Billy and Tommy, and lifted David into the back of the Holland’s wagon. Billy and Tommy climbed over the tailgate, and Rachel sat with Mary and Ben on the driver’s bench. After fording the shallow Laramie Fork of the Platte River, the fort was about a mile away. It was a high walled adobe structure, with a double-gated archway.

Rachel stared wide-eyed once they entered the fort. It did indeed remind her of a small town. The square compound was lined with multi-storied buildings. The post trader’s store was the busiest. People walked in and out at a steady rate. There was a blacksmith shop and corrals at the opposite side of the square. One section held what appeared to be residences. Rachel assumed that was where the soldiers lived.

Ben dropped them off in front of the post trader’s store, warning his wife not to spend all their money. Mary kissed him on the cheek, a wide smile on her face. Rachel lifted David onto her hip, and warned Billy and Tommy to stay close. The boys’ eyes were larger than hers. Ben drove the wagon across the compound to the blacksmith shop.

“Come on,” Mary said excitedly, and pulled Rachel with her inside the store. Sacks of dry goods littered the floor. The shelves were stacked with everything from coffee to tobacco, to whiskey. Rachel gaped at the outlandish prices.

“Who would pay a dollar fifty for a pint of sugar?” she whispered to Mary. “Or a dollar for a pint of flour. That’s outrageous!”

“Good thing Ben and I don’t need any of that,” Mary whispered back. “Let me post my letters, then we can leave. Ben would not be happy with me if I spent any money on dry goods here.”

Rachel glanced around. Would Thomas have stocked up on more liquor, even at eight dollars per gallon? Her eyes fell on a jar of lotion. She rubbed at the dry skin on the back of her hands. For five dollars, she’d use bacon grease. Shaking her head, she decided to wait outside for Mary. Even with prices so high, it appeared as if the trader was doing a brisk business. She wanted to leave the crowded building.

Tommy and Billy stared wide-eyed at some glass jars filled with assortments of candy. Quickly, Rachel ushered the boys outside in front of her before they asked her to buy them some. She couldn’t afford such luxuries. What little cash money she had was better spent in Oregon. She was glad for the breath of fresh air once she stepped from the stuffy store. She gazed around the compound. Several soldiers milled about, but it was mostly emigrants and some Indians that occupied the fort. Ben Holland’s rig was parked at the blacksmith’s shop, along with several other wagons. Beyond that, several women dumped tubs of water in front of the building. It appeared to be a laundry shop.

Rachel was about to turn and see what was keeping Mary, when a familiar figure caught her eye. Jake! Her heart fluttered. He was here at the fort? She assumed he’d be with Mr. Wilson back at camp. He looked to be in a hurry, darting between a few Indians, and heading for the laundry shop. It was too far to call out to him. She headed in his direction, then stopped in her tracks. A pretty blonde haired laundress stood in the doorway of the shop, smiling at him. The neckline of her dress was cut too low to be considered proper.

Rachel’s heart leapt to her throat. Jake approached the woman, and held her by the arm. She leaned toward him, and then they both turned and disappeared inside the building. Rachel swallowed repeatedly, the sting of tears threatening in her eyes. She hastily wiped at her face.

“I’m all done,” Mary chimed behind her. Rachel turned away from her friend. She didn’t want to be seen with tears in her eyes.

“I’m heading back to camp, Mary. The boys and I can walk. I’m suddenly not feeling well.” She barely managed to get the words out.

Rachel ignored Mary’s calls and rushed to the fort’s entrance. She shifted David to her other hip, and Tommy and Billy ran to keep up with her. Tears blurred her vision, and a tightness squeezed her chest. She forced air into her lungs, the sensation of drowning threatened to overtake her. All this time, she had clung to the hope that Jake would change his ways. Clearly, she was mistaken. What a fool she’d been to believe he truly cared for her. She’d gambled with her heart, and lost. She wouldn’t be so foolish from now on.





Chapter Nineteen





Jake led his mare through the emigrant camp, eager to call an end to this day. He waved off traders wanting to peddle their wares and in a few instances, their women. He smirked. There was only one woman he was interested in, and he hadn’t seen her all day. Leaving her camp after supper the night before had been difficult. After grabbing his gear from the back of her wagon, he’d headed off away from camp to spend some time alone. He hadn’t felt much like socializing with the men. Spending a sleepless night under the stars near the river, the day ahead proved to be no better.

Rachel. She’d surprised the hell out of him before they reached Fort Laramie. A slow smile spread across his face. All he’d wanted was a few minutes alone with her before reaching camp, to talk to her and reassure her that he would be there for her, and to tell her . . . what? He didn’t know what to tell her. That he loved her? He came close to saying it, after he kissed her. That she would throw herself at him, and kiss him with such innocent passion stunned him beyond belief. That hadn’t been a response out of grief. Jake’s heart pounded, and his insides suddenly heated. If Miller and Holland hadn’t shown up when they did . . .

God! How was he going to survive the next few months? He hated the idea of sneaking around, keeping his relationship with her a secret. Everyone thought she was a widow now. Why couldn’t he openly declare his interest in her? He wasn’t sure how proper such a thing was in this time. Rachel was supposed to be in mourning, or something like that. He didn’t want to cause any trouble for her.

Jake inhaled a deep breath. He was almost at the far end of camp where he parked her wagon yesterday. He lengthened his stride. Seeing Rachel would brighten his unpleasant day. After tossing and turning all night, thinking about her, his day had started off badly. For the better part of the morning, he’d exchanged heated words with Frank Wilson. If he didn’t have his suspicions before, Jake was more convinced than ever that the man had lied to these people, telling them he’d made several trips to Oregon and back. The man was a complete mule’s ass. He refused to listen to reason.

According to the map the reverend had given to Jake, there was a route to the north of Fort Laramie. Not only would it avoid a double fording of the Platte River, but also the most treacherous parts through the Black Hills. Wilson was adamant that such a route didn’t exist, that it was foolish to try, and that the only way was to ford the Platte River and continue on the south side. After studying his map, Jake argued that a northern route would be safer. Others had chimed in, most men siding with Wilson that a northern route was futile. Their only argument was that it’s what they’d been told by the ferry operator and the officers at the fort.

Jake trusted the map the reverend had given him. It hadn’t led him wrong yet. And it indicated where the safest river crossings were along the way. He hated having to lie to these people, saying he’d traveled that trail when he really had no idea what conditions were like. He only hoped that the reverend’s map continued to guide him right.

To make matters worse, Wilson was allowing seven other wagons to join them. A group of emigrants who’d arrived a week before Jeb Miller’s company had lost their wagon master and scout to cholera, along with half of their members. The disease had decimated their train, and they’d asked to join up. Not that it mattered to Jake, but the few men that were left sided with Wilson.

After butting heads with the men, Jeb Miller had cornered him, and asked him to go up to the fort with him. Curious about what the fort looked like behind those high adobe walls, Jake had begrudgingly agreed. He wished now that he hadn’t. His day had only gotten worse after his altercation with the wagon master. After securing his mare at the horse corral, he’d told Miller he’d meet him at the post trader’s store. He wanted to look around a bit. Little did he know he was in for the shock of his life when he spotted . . .

“Hey, Billy. Look, it’s Jake.” Tommy Parker ran up to him. “Have you seen the fort, Jake?” the boy asked eagerly, skidding to a halt in front of him. Jake tousled the kid’s dark hair.

“Sure have.” He grinned. “I think I even found something there for you and your brothers.” Tommy’s eyes lit up, and he exchanged an eager look with Billy. Jake stepped to the side of his horse, and reached into his saddlebag.

“Make sure and share equally.” He handed Billy a brown paper sack. “And that includes David.”

The boys tore into the bag, their faces lighting up as if it were Christmas. They each pulled out strands of licorice, lemon drops, and other assorted candies.

“Thanks, Jake. We saw the candy at the store.” Billy grinned, biting a huge piece off the licorice. “I bet Aunt Rachel wouldn’t let us have any.”

“You were at the fort?” Hell, if he’d known Rachel was going to be there, he would have waited for her. “Where’s your aunt?” he asked, looking around camp.

“She wasn’t feeling well. We had to leave mighty quick,” Tommy answered, sucking on a lemon drop. He swiped his hand across his mouth, sugar dripping from his chin. “She couldn’t even wait for Mr. and Mrs. Holland to bring us back to camp.”

“Sick? What’s wrong with her?” Jake’s heart lurched. Rachel couldn’t be coming down with cholera, could she? Ice-cold fear raced up his spine. “Where is she?” he demanded. He handed Billy the reins to his horse.

“Sleeping in the wagon, I s’pose,” Tommy said. “Mrs. Holland told us not to disturb her. Mrs. Holland’s taking care of David.”

Jake dashed for Rachel’s wagon. He climbed up into the driver’s seat, and pushed aside the canvas. In the narrow space of the wagon, Rachel lay curled up under a blanket where the boys usually slept on a straw-filled mattress. Quietly, he eased himself through the opening. If anyone saw him go into the wagon, he didn’t care at the moment. The rig rocked and creaked. Rachel’s head snapped up.

“Rachel?” Jake whispered softly, kneeling beside her. She stared up at him. Her tear-swollen eyes, the gloomy look on her face, shocked him.

“Get out,” she demanded, and scrambled to a sitting position. Wiping a hand across her face, she clutched the blanket to her chest. Her eyes twitched.

“What’s wrong?” Confused, Jake was relieved at the same time that she didn’t appear to be sick.

“I want you to leave.” Her stare matched the frigid tone of her voice.

Jake reached for her arm. His eyebrows drew together. “Why are you so upset? I’m sorry I was gone all day. I wanted to come see you sooner, but –”

“I saw you with that woman.” Rachel yanked her arm away, and scrambled to the back of the wagon.

Her accusing stare, mixed with the hurt he saw on her face, tore him apart. Jake shook his head. What was she talking about?

“What wom . . . ah, hell. Rachel.” He ran his hand through his hair. Comprehension finally dawned on him. “That wasn’t what you’re thinking.” Jake cursed silently. This day had suddenly gotten even worse, if that was at all possible. How was he going to explain what she thought she saw at the fort? He could only imagine what it must have looked like to her. Dammit! Here he thought Rachel finally liked him, and didn’t think the worst of him.

“Rachel, nothing happened with her, I swear.” He moved closer. Rachel’s hand shot up in front of her.

“Don’t come near me, Jake. I said I want you to leave. You don’t have to lie to me.” Her lips quivered, and she sucked in a deep breath.

“Dammit, nothing happened. She . . . reminded me of someone. Someone who was responsible—”

“I don’t need to hear your explanation, Jake. Please leave me alone. I thought . . .” She shook her head. “Never mind what I thought,” she spat. “Obviously I was wrong about you. Men like you don’t change their ways.”

Before he had a chance to grab her arm, Rachel climbed over the wagon’s tailgate. She rushed off in the dimming light of the evening, heading for the Holland wagon. Dumbfounded, he stared after her. The last thing Jake wanted was to cause a scene. Reluctantly, he stood, and climbed down from the rig.

“Dammit,” he cursed between gritted teeth. How the hell was he going to make her understand what she’d seen? In her eyes, he was guilty simply by his reputation that haunted him relentlessly. He raked his hands through his hair, and looked up. Tommy and Billy stood by the wagon, quietly staring at him. Billy still held the reins to Jake’s horse.

“Why is Aunt Rachel mad at you?” Tommy asked. Concern was etched on his face.

“She thinks I did something I didn’t do, Tommy.” Jake said solemnly, and took his mare’s reins from Billy’s hands.

“Does that mean you ain’t gonna come around no more?” Billy asked, and lowered his head.

“No.” Jake shook his head. “I’ll give her a day to cool off. Maybe then she’ll let me explain myself. “You two be nice to her. She’s hurtin’ right now, but I’ll make it all better. I promise.”

“We know you ain’t no liar, Jake. Even if Aunt Rachel says you are.” Tommy said brightly.

Great! How the hell was he going to convince her otherwise, if she wouldn’t talk to him? He’d do what he said to the boys. He’d give her until tomorrow to think about it. If he had to pin her to the ground, she was going to listen to him explain what she’d seen.

Jake mounted his horse and rode off toward the riverbank where he’d spent the previous night. His past . . . no, his future . . . was haunting him. After leaving the horse corrals at the fort, Jake intended to find Jeb Miller. When he walked across the compound, he’d seen that blonde laundry woman standing in the doorway of the shop, a coy smile on her face. Jake’s stomach had nearly dropped to the ground. Sandra! He could have sworn that woman was Sandra.

Anger had surged through him. That little bitch had set him up as a murderer. He hadn’t been able to think straight. Darting among the Indians and emigrants, Jake found himself facing the blonde. Not only did she look like Sandra, but she also acted flirty. Jake had grabbed her arm and ushered her into the building.

What kind of games was the reverend playing with him by sending Sandra to the past to torment him? He quickly realized that this woman was not Sandra. Biting his tongue, he’d apologized for confusing her with someone else after he hurled some choice words in her face. He’d quickly left the laundry shop, several angry women shouting after him. Rachel must have seen him go into the shop with the girl. If she had stuck around, she would have seen him come back out not five minutes later. Dammit! Could this day possibly get any worse?





Jake startled awake. Something cold and hard jabbed him in the chest. Instinctively, his hands shot up before he opened his eyes.

“There’s that sonofabitch,” a menacing voice growled from above.

“What the--”

“Get up, Owens,” the man demanded, jabbing the end of his rifle deeper into Jake’s chest. “And don’t try anything. I been itchin’ to pull that trigger for weeks.”

Jake recognized Marcus Powell’s voice. What the hell was that lowlife up to?

“Get that gun out of my chest, and I’ll get up, Powell,” Jake said slowly. He blinked, trying to focus his mind.

Powell stepped back, and Jake slowly rose to his feet.

“Mind telling me what the hell is going on?” Jake grumbled. When he looked up, a half dozen other men stood before him, everyone pointing their guns at him. Elijah Edwards stepped forward. Sadness mingled with anger on his face.

“How could you do it, Jake?” he asked.

“We shoulda known he couldn’t be trusted,” someone else said heatedly. “He deserves a bullet right now, seeing as there ain’t any trees suitable to string him up.”

Jake’s gaze darted from one man to the next. What the hell were they talking about? What was he supposed to have done? Marcus Powell grabbed him by the arm, and shoved him forward. Jake wrenched away from the man’s grip. Powell wouldn’t be so brave if he didn’t have six other men behind him.

“Don’t make a fuss, Jake. We gotta decide what to do with ya,” Elijah said. “I counted you as a friend. My wife wants to kill ya, but Annabelle’s got other notions.”

Annabelle! What was that little twit up to now?

“Would someone mind telling me what I’ve done?” he said, gritting his teeth. He looked straight at Elijah Edwards. Powell snorted.

“You violated my daughter last night,” Edwards shouted. He seized Jake by the shirt, his face inches away.

Dumbfounded, Jake raised his eyebrows. He what?

“Violated your daughter? Edwards, you’re out of your goddamn mind!” Jake gripped Elijah’s wrist to pull his hand away. Marcus Powell shoved his rifle into Jake’s lower back.

“She’s at the wagon with my wife. Luckily there’s a doctor here.” Edwards released his hold. “How could you do that to my little girl?”

That little girl is nothing but a little tease. Jake knew Annabelle would get herself in trouble someday, the way she flirted with men. He shot a dark look at Marcus Powell. She’d had herself wrapped around that no-good creep, too.

“I didn’t touch your daughter, Edwards,” Jake said between gritted teeth.

“She says you pulled her into the bushes last night, and . . . and . . .” Edwards wiped a trembling hand over his face. “Harriet found her cryin’ this morning, her dress torn, and she’s been bleedin’.”

Jake scoffed. “I ain’t that desperate. If I want a woman, I don’t need to force myself on one. And certainly not a little girl.”

“Let’s cut all the talkin’,” Powell roared. “We gotta decide what to do with him. Shoot him, like the bastard he is, I say.”

Jake wheeled around, and swung at Marcus. His fist connected with the man’s face, sending the coward stumbling to the ground. Several men grabbed him, and Jake realized it was futile to fight back. His arms were yanked behind his back, and someone tied a rope around his wrists. His mind raced. How was he going to convince this mob that he hadn’t raped anyone? He didn’t have an alibi. He’d been alone with his misery over Rachel’s misunderstanding all night. It would be his word against Annabelle Edwards’. And by the looks of things, he’d already been tried and convicted.

“I want to talk to Annabelle,” Jake said loudly. “I want her to look me in the eye, and in front of all of you say that I did what she’s accusing me of.” What he really wanted to tell Elijah Edwards was that his daughter was nothing but a little hussy, but he wisely kept that thought to himself.

“You’re going to do right by my daughter, Jake, or so help me, I’ll let this mob kill you,” Edwards said. He shoved Jake in front of him, pushing him toward camp. Do right? What the hell did he mean by that?

“I don’t know what you want me to do to make it right, Edwards,” Jake said over his shoulder, stomping toward camp. The angry mob behind him followed close on his heels. “I ain’t done nothin’ wrong.”

“Harriet may not like it, but my daughter has some addle-brained female notion that you fancy her. She admitted she was with you, and things got out of hand. You’re going to marry my daughter.”

“What?” Jake roared, and stopped in his tracks. He wheeled around, glaring at Edwards. Seven shotguns pointed at him instantly. “Like hell I’m going to marry her.” Jake’s heart pounded in his chest. He’d heard of shotgun weddings, but never in his wildest dreams had he thought he’d ever take part in one, much less be the intended groom. Hell would freeze over before he married Annabelle Edwards.

Rage consumed him. Somehow, that little twit had planned this. Staring from one man to the other, his glare rested on Marcus Powell. The man looked much too gleeful. Jake’s eyes narrowed. He’d bet his horse and saddle that Annabelle had used her charms on that stupid sodbuster, and she might have gotten more than she bargained for. Rather than go down in shame, she was using her unfortunate incident to snag Jake. Where was a rape kit and DNA test kit when you needed one? Shit!

“Let’s go, Owens,” Marcus growled, wiping at the blood that still trickled from his nose. Elijah Edwards nodded to Jake to keep moving towards camp. Elijah had always been a levelheaded man. Jake hoped he could talk some sense into him. As the father of the violated girl, he had every right to be mad as hell.

“The doc is also an ordained minister, so that serves our purposes well. He can perform a wedding right now,” someone said.

Jake gritted his teeth and clenched his jaw. As they entered the camp and headed for the Edwards’ wagon, people looked up from their morning chores and cooking fires with keen interest at the procession. Some fell in step beside the group, whispering excitedly, wondering what the commotion was about.

Out of the corner of his eye, Jake saw Rachel standing by her wagon, staring after them. Their eyes met, and the stoic look on her face tore him to pieces. Little David pointed at him, and took off running toward him. He called to Jake in his babbling baby language. Rachel grabbed for the toddler and pulled him back. Something twisted and wrenched at Jake’s heart. How could he know moments of absolute happiness such as he’d experienced less than two days ago, only to have the world sink into a dark abyss in the next second? Jake tore his eyes away from the girl he loved, and hardened his face.

Just before the Edwards’ camp, Harriet Edwards rushed towards him, and soundly slapped his face. The sting was a lot harder than the blow he’d received from Rachel weeks ago.

“How dare you do what you did to my little girl?” the wide woman screeched.

“I didn’t do anything to your precious daughter,” Jake said between clenched teeth. “Where is she, so she can tell me to my face what I’ve done?”

No sooner had he uttered the words, and Annabelle appeared from around her parents’ wagon. Unusual for her, she averted her eyes, her head dipped to the ground. Jake cursed under his breath. If his hands weren’t tied behind his back, they’d be wrapped around her little conniving neck.

She glanced up from beneath her long lashes, and scanned the crowd around her. A sad smile formed on her lips, just before she met his dark stare. Jake’s eyes narrowed.

“I forgive you for what you did, Jake,” she said in her irritating sing-song voice. “I only wanted you to kiss me, but you wouldn’t stop. You told me how much you’ve wanted to be with me.”

Jake lunged for her. Several arms immediately pulled him back.

“You’re lying, Annabelle,” he sneered. “Would you like me to tell these good folks how you’re the one who’s been coming on to me for weeks? Is this your desperate final attempt to get my attention?”

“How dare you accuse my daughter of such a thing?” Harriet darted between him and Annabelle, her hands on her hips. She looked like a bird of prey, ready to swoop down from the sky to snatch the unsuspecting rabbit off the ground. Jake didn’t relish being the rabbit. He sure as hell wasn’t going to run scared.

Harriet abruptly turned, and placed a hand on her daughter’s shoulder. “Are you sure this is what you want, my darling? Marriage to this, this vile man?”

“Yes, Mama,” Annabelle said quickly.

The crowd behind them murmured loudly. “Get the preacher,” someone shouted.

Jake’s mind raced wildly. How was he going to get out of this? His thought locked onto the fact that this wouldn’t be a binding marriage if he was forced to say I do to Annabelle. Once they reached Oregon, he was heading back to the twenty-first century anyways, and Annabelle would be out of his hair. He didn’t see any other alternative. The angry mob behind him would sooner shoot him than let him go free.

Jake’s heart sank. All the plans he’d formed in his mind. The girl he loved was lost to him forever. His chest heaved in a heavy sigh. Maybe death by firing squad was his better option than a lifetime of misery without Rachel. Her opinion of him was bad enough already. What would she think of him now? An icy grip squeezed at his heart. There was no possible way to salvage this.





Chapter Twenty





“Jake Owens didn’t violate Annabelle Edwards.”

At hearing those words, Jake spun around so fast he nearly fell over. His heart pounded more fiercely than before. Rachel! She stood just outside the half-circle of people who had come to witness the show. People’s voices rose in loud murmurs. Several stepped aside to give her room to walk forward.

Rachel’s hard stare met his eyes briefly before she focused on Harriet and Annabelle. Her hands were clasped firmly in front of her, and she walked toward the Edwards woman and her daughter, her chin held high. She stopped right in front of the girl, who’d suddenly shifted her feet uncomfortably. Jake’s jaw muscles relaxed for the first time since his abrupt wake-up call.

Rachel turned to face the crowd. She looked toward Elijah Edwards. The silence that fell was deafening. What was she up to?

“Jake Owens couldn’t have done what Annabelle claims,” Rachel said loudly. Jake noted the slight unsteadiness in her voice. She cleared her throat. “He couldn’t have done it because he was with me the entire night.”

The crowd roared. “Then how come he was asleep down by the river when we found him?” Marcus Powell called.

“He left my bed before dawn,” Rachel said. She didn’t miss a beat.

“I knew it!” Harriet Edwards screeched. “The shame of it. Her husband isn’t even cold in his grave, and she’s already got another man in her bed. Probably even before her husband died.”

Rachel faced Mrs. Edwards. “You’ve done nothing but spread rumors about me since we left Kannesville, Mrs. Edwards. Believe what you want about my morals, but at least I don’t accuse an innocent man of violating me, like your daughter did.” Harriet’s mouth dropped open. She sputtered like a fish out of water, gasping for air. Elijah Edwards stepped up to his wife.

“I think enough’s been said here today.” He glowered at his wife, and then his daughter. “You’ve got some explaining to do, young lady,” he addressed Annabelle. The girl stared blankly at her father. She didn’t look remorseful, only upset that her plan wasn’t working out. Turning to Jake, Elijah quickly unwrapped the ropes that tied his hands to his back. Jake massaged his aching wrists.

“I owe you an apology,” Edwards grumbled, and held out his hand. Jake shook it. “I’m dropping all charges,” he shouted to the crowd.

Jake didn’t hear anything else. He turned to Rachel. The expression on her face hadn’t softened. There was no hint of a smile or warmth in her eyes. Abruptly, she darted from the throng of people, and rushed back in the direction of her wagon.

“Rachel, wait.” Jake sprinted after her, and grabbed hold of her arm. She wheeled around and stared up at him.

“Why did you do that?” He stepped closer. He wanted to pull her to him, hold her in his arms like he’d ached to do for nearly two days, and kiss her. He fisted his hand at his side. The emotionless expression on her face told him he’d better not act on his impulse. She’d completely shattered her reputation with her lie. Any shred of doubt the people in their group had that Rachel was a moral woman had flown out the window with her claim that she’d been with him. She’d made a huge sacrifice for him today. An indescribable feeling of warmth flowed through him. His heart swelled, and he thought it might burst through his chest. I love you!

Rachel yanked her arm away. She inhaled a deep breath, and narrowed her eyes. Damn! She was still mad at him. “You’re a lot of things, Jake, but I don’t believe you’d stoop so low as to ever violate a woman.”

Her eyes betrayed her angry façade. Hurt and anguish shone in her glistening blue pools.

“Rachel,” he pleaded. “Listen to me, please.” He reached for her hand, and held on tight when she tried to pull it away. Her icy glare shot daggers straight into his heart.

“Let go of me, Jake,” she said under her breath, and continued to struggle for release. Jake stepped closer, and grabbed for her other hand. He glanced around camp. No one seemed to pay them any attention.

“Careful, Rachel. You don’t want to make a scene.” He leaned forward and whispered in her ear.

“I believe I’ve already done that,” she said heatedly. “Maybe I should have just let Annabelle Edwards have you. Maybe it would serve you right.”

“Dammit, Rachel, hear me out.” The urge to pick her up and toss her over his shoulder hit him. He’d carry her off like some caveman and pin her to the ground until she heard his explanation. He released her hands instead.

“I have a lot of work to do.” She spun around, and dashed away before he had the chance to say anything else.

Jake kicked at the dirt. He should be elated that this fiasco with Annabelle was over. Why did he feel so miserable, then? With a heavy sigh, he headed back toward the river to gather his gear and find his horse. Women! Obviously their irrational behavior hadn’t changed over the centuries. She couldn’t stay mad at him forever. At some point, she would have to listen to him. His mare snorted, and sniffed at his shirt, nudging him in the chest. Jake stroked her soft nose. “At least you enjoy my company, huh, Princess?”

He returned to camp several hours later. Rachel had obviously been busy washing clothes. Shirts, kids britches, and a couple of dresses fluttered in the breeze, draped over the wagon’s tongue. After the three-day layover here at the fort, the journey would resume bright and early in the morning. Most folks were busy getting their clothes washed and necessary wagon repairs finished. The livestock was showing the strains from the journey, and no doubt appreciated the few days of rest to graze the sparse grasses along the Platte.

Jake stepped around Rachel’s wagon. Neither she nor the boys were in camp. He spotted Mary Holland folding blankets at the camp closest to Rachel’s, and headed in her direction. Tommy and Billy sat on the ground near one of the wagon wheels, playing with marbles in the dirt. They both looked up and waved to him. David spotted him and toddled toward him, a drooly smile on his chubby face.

“Ma’am,” Jake greeted Mary Holland. “Hey, partner.” He scooped David in his arms and held him high above his head before settling the boy on his shoulders.

“Mr. Owens,” Mary nodded. The corners of her mouth twitched, and she lowered her head in an obvious attempt to hide her growing smile. Jake could feel her scrutinizing eyes on him. He had a suspicion that Rachel confided in this woman, but he couldn’t be sure. Suddenly tongue-tied, he didn’t know how to start a conversation with her. If the kids were with Mary, where was Rachel? David babbled loudly above his head.

“Rachel’s gone to find Mr. Wilson,” Mary said abruptly.

“What for?” Jake frowned.

“She wanted to make sure he would allow her to continue on to Oregon come morning.”

“Why wouldn’t he?” On second thought, he wouldn’t put it past Wilson to deny her the right to stay with the train, now that she was alone.

“She doesn’t have a husband, and with three small children, she might not be able to keep up.” Mary looked at him as if he were daft.

“I told her I’d look out for her until we reach Oregon. If Wilson has a problem with that, he can talk to me.”

Mary draped her blanket over the wagon’s tailgate, then faced him fully. With one hand on her hip, she glared at him. “Until you reach Oregon, Mr. Owens? Then what? What will she do in Oregon, all by herself?” She raised her eyebrows expectantly. “I’ve seen the way you look at her. Anyone with a pair of eyes in their head can see what’s on your mind when you look at her.”

“Oh yeah? And what’s that?” Jake challenged. Was he that transparent?

“You’re in love with her.” Mary stepped closer to him. “And if you had anything more than straw between your ears, you’d see that she’s in love with you. How could you betray her like that and go seek out the first woman of ill repute you came across?” Her eyes narrowed, and she leaned closer to him.

Jake wasn’t sure if Mary referred to the laundress at the fort or Annabelle. His mind was still stuck on she’s in love with you.

“What she did for you today took a lot of grit,” Mary continued. Her stare was downright uncomfortable.

Jake rubbed the back of his neck. “I know that,” he said gritting his teeth. “I didn’t cheat on her. I tried to tell her that last evening, but she wouldn’t hear me out.”

“Rachel told me she saw you go into the laundry shop with a woman who appeared to be working there. And not as a laundress.”

“I thought she was someone else. I was in that shop for no more than five minutes.” He should be telling Rachel this, not her friend.

She’s in love with you. Mary’s words replayed in his mind. “How can I explain it to her when she won’t even hear me out?”

“You’ll think of something.” Mary’s answer was less than satisfactory. Jake had never much cared when a woman walked away from him. Fact was, he usually did the walking. He wished Mary Holland would clue him in as to how he could make Rachel stop long enough to allow him to explain.

“What the hell am I supposed to do?”

Mary’s eyebrows furrowed. “And here I thought you were a smart man, Mr. Owens. What do you think you should do?” Shaking her head, she turned her attention back to her laundry.





“Who’s gonna take care of your team of mules?” Frank Wilson asked, shaking his head. “We’ll be heading into the mountains soon, Mrs. Parker. Do you understand what that means? You’re a young woman with three small children, and no man. I can’t have any stragglers.”

Rachel gaped at the bull-headed wagon master. He refused to listen to her. He’d adamantly told her she could not continue with the train unless some family would be willing to take her on. Under no circumstances would she be allowed to go with her own wagon. Rachel knew she couldn’t impose on anyone. Everyone already tried to lighten their wagons as much as possible. No one would take on four extra people. And what about her belongings and provisions?

“Mr. Wilson, please,” she tried again. “I won’t slow you down. What am I supposed to do if you won’t let me continue on to Oregon?”

Wilson stared at her. He rolled a cigarette, and struck a match against his boot. Taking a long drag and slowly exhaling the smoke, he said, “There are folks here turning back all the time. You can go back to where you came from with one of those outfits.”

“I can’t return home. There’s nothing for me there. I have to go on to Oregon.” Rachel couldn’t believe the man. No wonder Jake constantly argued with him.

Wilson merely shrugged. “Ain’t my problem.” He blew more smoke out of his mouth and without another word, walked away.

Rachel stomped her foot. “Damn him,” she uttered under her breath. What was she going to do now? Glancing around camp, she suddenly felt utterly alone and lost. Women finished up their laundry chores while men repacked wagons or made adjustments on their rigs. At many camps, pieces of furniture or other items an eager family had thought to bring along were piled next to their wagon. People were preparing for the hard journey ahead through the Rocky Mountains, and sadly had to part with their precious heirlooms. Only the most basic necessities were repacked.

Rachel sighed. She’d left everything back in Ohio. Her mother’s furniture had gone to the buyer of the farm. Thomas didn’t want to bring anything that would remind him of Polly. The only item she hadn’t been able to part with was her mother’s wedding band, and that was stored safely in a satchel in her trunk.

Slowly, Rachel walked past families preparing to continue the journey west. An Indian woman shoved a pair of moccasins under her nose, eager for a trade. Rachel shook her head and skirted around the woman. Her mind raced, sorting through possibilities on how to continue her own journey with the train. She knew Mary and Ben Holland would take her, but how could she impose on them? They were newlyweds, and needed their space. Perhaps if she sold her wagon and team of mules, she could buy a horse and pack only a few items with her. The boys could take turns riding, and sometimes ride with the Hollands. They might even allow her some room in the wagon for her dry goods. She shook her head, dismissing the idea. Alone, it might be possible, but not with three children.

She thought about Jake’s promises. He had told her repeatedly he would get her to Oregon. She refused to go and ask him for help. He’d already proven he had no intention of changing his ways. She couldn’t bear the idea of the long months ahead, knowing he would leave her the moment they set foot on Oregon soil. Rachel gritted her teeth. Damn him! How could she still think to be in love with him after he’d gone and met up with that blonde woman? She should have listened to her intuition all along, and not allowed a man like him to work his way into her heart.

“Mrs. Parker.”

Rachel spun around at the sound of her name. A man she didn’t recall seeing before strode toward her on long legs. A hesitant smile spread across his face as he approached, and he pulled his hat from his head, revealing sandy-colored locks to match the neatly trimmed mustache under his nose. His tan cotton britches were held up over his hips by a pair of leather suspenders. A clean blue shirt was tucked into the waistband. His pant legs were stuffed inside a pair of well-worn leather boots. Rachel could easily envision him behind a team of oxen, plowing a wheat field.

“Mrs. Rachel Parker?” he asked expectantly, and stopped a few feet in front of her. His hat was clasped firmly in both hands in front of him.

“Yes,” Rachel answered hesitantly. She had to tilt her head back to look up into his face. Grey eyes, she noted. Not smoldering brown eyes that reached straight into her soul. Rachel mentally shook her head.

The man cleared his throat. “Yes, ma’am,” he said slowly, shifting weight from one foot to the next. “My name is Caleb Bender, ma’am.”

Rachel raised her eyebrows, waiting for the man to continue. He seemed nervous about something. Why would he approach her? When he didn’t speak, she held out her hand. “It’s nice to meet you, Mr. Bender. Is there something I can do for you?”

“Yes, ma’am,” he said again. He quickly wiped his right hand on the side of his britches, and wrapped it around hers for a light shake. His palm was rough and calloused, the hand of a hard-working man.

“Beggin’ your pardon, ma’am, but I couldn’t help but overhear you talking with Mr. Wilson back there.” He released her hand and jutted his chin in the direction she’d come from. He rubbed his cheek, then inhaled a deep breath. Glancing back at her, he held her gaze. Rachel waited. She didn’t have time to extract every word from this man’s mouth, and almost told him to have a good day so she could be on her way. She still had to figure out what to do.

“I lost my wife to the cholera a few weeks back, ma’am, and hearin’ that wagon master say you couldn’t go on to Oregon on your own, I thought that maybe . . .” He cleared his throat again. “Seein’ as you lost your husband, perhaps you’d be willing to wed up with me. I got two girls that need a mother, and . . . well, a man needs a wife.”

Rachel gaped at him. It was the last thing she expected. Too stunned for words, she merely stood there. Caleb Bender reached for her hand, and stepped closer.

“I work hard, ma’am, and I aim to have a productive farm in Oregon. I’d be a good husband to you.”

Rachel shook her head, her eyebrows drawn together. Her mind raced wildly. It would be the perfect solution to her predicament. She stared at the man before her. He looked sincere, and she had no doubt that he would be a good provider. Here, in this wild and untamed land, a person had to do what was necessary to survive. She was learning that real fast.

“Mr. Bender, I have three small children of my own,” she said hesitantly.

“I’d raise them as mine,” he said quickly. Eagerly. He squeezed her hand. No tingles or electrifying sensations raced up Rachel’s arm like the ones she experienced whenever Jake touched her. There would be no passion between her and this man, but he would provide for her, and offer her a secure future.

“There’s a minister here, performing weddings today before folks head out in the morning. We can be hitched and packed before supper. I won’t make any demands on you, not until we get to know one another better.” The words suddenly spilled from his mouth like a gushing waterfall. He brought her hand up to his lips, and kissed it gently.

“What the hell’s going on here?” a loud voice boomed behind her. Rachel yanked her hand from Caleb’s, and jumped back. Jake rushed toward them like an angry bull ready to charge. Caleb stepped forward.

“This is a private conversation between me and the lady, Mr.—”

“The name’s Jake, and this don’t look like a conversation. Is he bothering you, Rachel?” Jake glared at Caleb Bender, who stood at least half a head taller, then turned his seething eyes on her.

“Not that it's any concern of yours, Jake,” Rachel said, glaring at him, “but no, Mr. Bender was not bothering me.”

“Then what’s he doing?” Jake stepped up to her, and wrapped his hand around her upper arm. The jolt to her senses that Caleb failed to produce when he touched her was immediate with Jake’s hand. Rachel sucked in a deep breath. Something squeezed her heart in a painful grip. Could she trade the love she felt for him for a secure future with a man who didn’t spark her desires?

“I’ve heard of you,” Caleb Bender said, interrupting Rachel’s thoughts. “You’re Mr. Wilson’s scout. I was asking Mrs. Parker to marry me, if you must know.”

Jake glared at the man, and his grip on Rachel’s arm tightened. Minutes must have passed while the two men stared at each other. Rachel held her breath, her heart pounding in her ears. She didn’t know what to say or do.

“She’s not marrying you,” Jake finally said. He faced her fully, his dark eyes burrowing into her. “She’s not marrying you,” he repeated, his back turned to Caleb while he stared directly at Rachel, “because she’s marrying me.” His grip on her loosened, and his hand slid up her arm, past her shoulder and up her neck.

“Jake?” Completely taken by surprise, Rachel sucked in a deep breath. Her heart nearly jumped from her throat.

“Will you marry me, Rachel, or would you rather marry him?” He gestured with his chin to the side.

Rachel swallowed repeatedly. All sound around her ceased as her heart drummed in her ears. Jake wanted to marry her? She could do nothing but merely stare into his expectant eyes. An almost fearful look flashed in his gaze. The muscles in his jaw softened, and a slow smile spread across his face. His hand cupped her cheek, his thumb igniting her skin with his soft caress.

“Rachel, will you marry me?” he asked again, almost in a whisper.

Her vision blurred. Slowly, she nodded her head. There was only one answer in her heart and mind. “Yes. Yes, I’ll marry you.”

Jake expelled the breath he’d obviously been holding in a loud whoosh. “There’s only one girl in my life. I love you, Rachel,” he murmured. He cupped her face between both hands, then brought his mouth down on hers in a kiss that made her legs turn to rubber.

Rachel wrapped her arms around his middle and leaned into him. She couldn’t imagine being held in anyone’s arms but his. Caleb and everyone else around her were forgotten. Jake had just told her that he loved her. Almost since the day they met, he’d looked out for her. Why had she jumped to conclusions about what she’d seen at the fort? And she hadn’t given him a chance to explain. Rachel tightened her hold around him. She knew without a doubt that she was exactly where she was destined to be.





Chapter Twenty-One





The minister stood in the center of a semi-circle that had been created using flat boards and assorted trunks and crates at the outskirt of the main camp of emigrant wagons. People sat or stood, watching the young couple holding hands as they stood in front of the bored-looking minister. Jake paced between a group of wagons. He scanned the area, picking out the other five couples who had decided to take advantage of the minister’s offer to conduct a marriage ceremony before many of the emigrants headed out from Fort Laramie in the morning. His jaw muscles worked furiously in tune with his heart drumming in his chest. This day had been anything but dull. First, he’d almost been forced to get hitched to a young girl that had tried to dupe him into marriage, and now he was about to marry the woman of his dreams.

After leaving Mary Holland’s camp, Jake had walked the riverbank, mulling over the things Rachel’s friend had said to him. He was anxious to find Rachel, and force her, if necessary, to listen to his explanation about that laundress. He had told her repeatedly he would get her to Oregon. He couldn’t understand why she felt the need to seek out Wilson on her own, even if she was mad.

The answer finally dawned on him. Not once had he told Rachel that he loved her, or that he was committed to her. He may have said he’d be there for her until they reached Oregon, but he hadn’t told her any of his plans once they reached the end of the trail. That she was deeply hurt when she thought he’d sought out a hooker confirmed that she needed to know that he loved her. You’re a clueless jackass.

Jake clenched and unclenched his fists. He was definitely in unfamiliar territory. Leading a wagon train through the nineteenth century Nebraska prairie seemed like a cakewalk in comparison to trying to figure out a woman’s needs. Up until he met Rachel, he was too absorbed in his own desires to pay much attention to what a woman wanted out of a relationship. He’d messed up, thinking he could wait to tell her of his feelings, and his plans for the future he hoped to have with her. He’d fully intended to ask her to be his wife as soon as he talked to Reverend Johnson once they reached Oregon. Heck, the reverend should be the one to marry them, seeing as he was responsible for getting them together in the first place.

He raked his hands through his hair, and shook his head. A slow smile spread across his face. He was getting married today! Admittedly, the idea scared the hell out of him. It still hadn’t fully sunk into his brain, but no one could take Rachel away from him now. What would you have done had she turned you down? Yeah, but she didn’t.

An uneasy thought entered his mind. How would she react to the news that he was from the future? Now that she was going to be his wife, he had to tell her. She’d probably think he was loco. On the other hand, he could take that secret to his grave if he stayed in the past. Jake paced between the wagons in tune with the thoughts swinging wildly through his mind. This was one topic of conversation he would save until he talked to the reverend.

While the idea of a life as a farmer in Oregon wasn’t as appealing as returning to the twenty-first century, it didn’t matter where he lived, as long as Rachel was at his side. He could offer her and the boys so much more in his time. Reverend Johnson was certainly aware of that.

A warm feeling spread through him, as if his body was submerged in a hot bath, and the tension flowed from him. He was suddenly eager to get the formalities underway. What was keeping Rachel? Had she changed her mind? Mary Holland had whisked her away when they showed up at camp after Jake’s hasty proposal. Mary had smiled brightly at hearing the news, and nodded her head in approval. Jake craned his neck and scanned the smiling faces of the onlookers.

A heavy hand landed on his shoulder, and Jake turned his head. Jeb Miller put a stop to Jake’s pacing.

“Never figured you for the marryin’ kind, Jake, but I’m glad you’re doin’ right by Mrs. Parker. It’ll keep the old hens from clucking about her all the time, especially after her confession this morning. She’s a decent woman.” Miller slapped him on the back. He shot Jake a meaningful look.

“Yeah,” Jake grumbled.

“You wasn’t with her last night, were ya?” Miller asked. “That was a right good thing she done for you, and glad you’re doin’ the right thing by marrying her. I heard that Wilson refused to let her go on unless she had a husband or family to take her. This solves both her troubles. Edwards needs to put a leash on that gal of his, or better yet, a chastity belt. “ He chuckled, then craned his neck. “Where’s your bride? Looks like that preacher is hitchin’ up the last happy couple before it’s your turn.”

Good question. What was keeping her?

“Jake, Jake.” Tommy scurried between two wagons and skidded to a halt in front of him. His face beamed in a wide smile. Billy was right on his heels. Both boys looked like they’d been scrubbed clean from head to toe. Their hair was combed back against their heads, and they wore clean britches and shirts.

Jake ran a self-conscious hand through his hair. His twenty-first century buzz cut had to look out of place to these people, something he’d never considered before. In the five weeks he’d been here, it had grown considerably. He might be able to comb it to the side at this point, but he never bothered with a comb. It would probably reach his shoulders by the time they got to Oregon. He doubted he could find a pair of electric clippers here on the prairie to buzz it short again.

“Where’s—” Jake looked up. He couldn’t complete his question. Mary Holland beamed brightly, and nudged Rachel in front of her.

Jake swallowed the lump in his throat. He stared at the girl in front of him. A slow tingling feeling started at his neck and traveled down his extremities, through his torso and into his legs. The sensation grew stronger by the second. He’d never seen Rachel with her hair unbraided or unpinned to the back of her head in some way. Only once had part of her hair hung free that he could recall; the first day he saw her, when David pulled the pins from her hair in the barn in Kannesville. Her dark hair tumbled down along both sides of her shoulders in cascading waves, swept back from her face and held in place by two ivory-colored combs. She wore her modest blue dress that matched the color of her eyes. She didn’t need designer gowns or expensive make up. She’d never looked more beautiful.

Wordlessly, Jake reached for her hand, his eyes never leaving hers. That warm, content feeling rushed through his veins again. He was the luckiest guy in the world. Rachel was unlike any other woman he’d known, or even been attracted to. It was still a mystery to him. He’d never seen her arms bare, or the skin below her neckline. The clothes she wore covered almost every inch of her, yet she was more desirable than any woman in tight pants, spaghetti straps, or high heels.

“Is there one more couple I’m supposed to marry up today?” the minister called loudly.

“That’s you, son.” Jeb Miller shoved Jake’s shoulder from behind. “Quit ogling your bride and get it over with.”

“Ready?” he managed to ask. Rachel nodded softly. Her wide eyes betrayed how nervous she was.

Jake offered a reassuring smile, and stepped from between the wagons toward the minister, his hand firmly wrapped around Rachel’s. She followed along beside him, the tension in her arm matching his own. They stopped a few feet in front of the minister.

“Your names?” the minister asked, glancing from Jake to Rachel.

“Jake Owens.”

“Rachel Parker.”

“Do you, Rachel Parker, take this man to be your husband? Will you love, honor and obey him, in sickness and in health, ‘til death do you part?”

Rachel gazed up at Jake. The love that shone in her eyes was unmistakable. The lump in his throat grew.

“I do,” Rachel said softly.

“Jake Owens, do you take this woman, Rachel Parker, as your wife, and so promise to honor her in sickness and in health, ‘til death do you part?”

“Now and in the future,” Jake said slowly.

“Just answer yes,” the minister huffed.

“Yeah, I do. I will,” Jake stammered. His hand gripped Rachel’s.

“You’re now man and wife. I believe that was the last couple.” The minster closed his book, and walked away. Jake didn’t see or hear anything or anyone around him except the woman standing before him. She held his stare, uncertainty in her eyes.

The world around him stopped. Absently, he accepted the congratulations from several people, and waited for them to disperse. All sound ceased to exist.

“Where I’m from, the preacher usually tells the groom to kiss his bride,” Jake said huskily, and stepped closer. He reached up, and ran his hand through her hair, letting the silky dark strands flow between his fingers.

“You’re beautiful,” he said, and bent to claim her mouth. Rachel leaned up to meet him, her hands gripping his shoulders. Her lips parted for his kiss. Jake wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her close. No more sneaking around, pretending not to care. He could finally openly show his love for her.

“Do we get to call you Uncle Jake now?” Tommy poked a finger in Jake’s thigh. Reluctantly, he pulled away from Rachel, and grinned at the excited boy.

“Only if you want to, and only if you don’t interrupt while I kiss your aunt.”

“Yuck,” Billy expressed next to his brother. “Why’d you want to kiss her anyhow?” He wrinkled his face as if he’d just bitten into a lemon.

“I’ll explain it to you someday when you’re older.” Jake cupped Rachel’s cheek in his palm, and kissed her again. “I love you,” he whispered. He stared into her eyes.

Rachel smiled softly. “I love you, Jake.”

Jake’s gut tightened. Plenty of women had told him that they were in love with him, and he’d always laughed it off. No one had ever said the words to him with such complete sincerity. And you’ve never said them to any woman.

Someone tugged on Jake’s britches, and he stared down at David. The toddler reached his hands up expectantly. Jake released his hold around his bride, and pulled the boy into his arms. David smacked his hands against Jake’s cheeks. Jake glanced from Rachel to David, to the two older boys. If anyone had told him two months ago that he would be married and have an instant family, Jake would have called the person insane. He couldn’t wait to get his new family home to Montana.





Rachel’s hands trembled as she tried to part her long hair into three strands. She knelt on the mattress inside the wagon, her small mirror propped up against her crate. She shivered in the cool evening air, or was it due to anticipation of the unknown? Inhaling a deep breath, she tried to calm her frayed nerves. This was the happiest day of her life. She shouldn’t be nervous. She’d slept in Jake’s arms before. This is different. He’s your husband now. He won’t reject you this time.

Rachel quickly weaved her hair in a loose braid, and tied the end off with a thin piece of string. She slipped out of her dress, and sat in her thin cotton chemise. Goosebumps covered her arms. What was she supposed to be doing? She reached for her nightdress that lay folded on top of her trunk. Any other night, she would have slept under the wagon. With a conspiratorial grin on her face, Mary had advised that Rachel would have more privacy with Jake on their wedding night if they shared the mattress in the wagon, and had promptly whisked the boys off with her to spend the night at her camp.

Rachel wiped her palms across her suddenly flushed cheeks. Her husband had been gone from camp for over an hour. After their quick vows, they’d returned to their wagon, and Rachel had fixed a supper of biscuits and gravy with bacon. She wished she’d had time to fix a cobbler, but it was already late in the day, and Jake had told her she shouldn’t have to do any cooking on her wedding day.

“You’ll have a real wedding when I take you home,” he’d said, and slipped his arms around her middle from behind. Rachel couldn’t imagine what kind of wedding would make her marriage to him more real than it already was.

“Home?” she asked, turning in his embrace. She wrapped her arms around his neck.

“After we get to Oregon, I’m taking you and the boys home with me to Montana.” He kissed her forehead, and then grinned. “You’ll love it there.” He paused. “Unless you’d rather stay in Oregon.”

“I’ll be happy wherever you decide to take us, Jake. You’re my husband.”

The devilish grin on his face had made her heart skip a beat. He raised his eyebrows. “That’s right,” he said, as if he suddenly remembered something important. “You did promise to obey me. I might keep that part in the vows when you marry me again in the fut . . . when we’re in Montana.”

“Marry you again?” Rachel didn’t understand the purpose of another exchange of vows.

“I need to go round up my gear, and move in officially, don’t I? I’ll be back in a bit.” He abruptly changed the subject, kissed her and waved to the boys, then strode off in the direction of the river.

Thinking about his puzzling words now, Rachel unfolded her nightgown. She was about to slip it over her head, when the wagon rocked slightly to the side, and Jake’s head emerged from between the canvas flaps at the front of the rig.

“I was gonna say goodnight to the boys, and . . .” Jake’s words trailed off. Rachel clutched the nightdress to her chest and sucked in a deep breath. Jake’s eyes roamed over her. Renewed heat crept up her neck, and her skin tingled all over as he caressed her with his smoldering stare.

“Where are the boys?” Jake coughed, clearing the hitch from his throat.

Rachel swallowed. Her heart threatened to leap from her chest. “They’re staying with the Holland’s tonight.” She sought his eyes.

Moments passed, then Jake pushed through the canvas and landed with a soft thud in the bed of the wagon. In the dim light of the lantern, Rachel stared at her husband. He was bare from the waist up, his shirt flung over one shoulder. The soft glow of the flickering candle bathed his skin in a golden hue. With an unsteady hand, she reached out to touch his arm. Taut, hard muscles bunched beneath her fingers. Jake tossed his shirt to the side, and dropped to his knees in front of her.

“Rachel.” The sensual way in which he whispered her name made her shudder. Jake tugged on the string that held her braid together, and ran his fingers through her rope of hair until it all spilled freely down her back. Rachel closed her eyes and shivered, anticipating his touch. His calloused hands slid slowly up her bare arms and over her shoulders. Heat exploded inside her. Her breath caught in her throat.

He cupped her face between his hands. The nightdress she’d clutched to her chest slipped out of her grasp. Rachel braced her palms against his tight abdomen, exploring the contours of his belly and chest with her fingertips. Jake groaned, and brought his mouth down on hers. The ache in her center that she’d experienced the last time Jake kissed her with such passion, the day they arrived at Fort Laramie, returned more fully than before.

Jake eased her to lie back onto the mattress. He reached up briefly and doused the candle in the lantern, covering them in darkness, then fumbled with his britches.

“Come here,” he spoke huskily against her cheek a moment later, and gathered her to him. Rachel wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him closer. Her hands continued their exploration of his well-sculpted torso. She couldn’t get enough of touching the smooth skin over hard muscle. When she moved lower to slide her fingers across his hip, Jake tensed, and sucked in a deep breath of air. His upper body trembled.

“Tell me what to do, Jake,” she breathed.

“You’re doing just fine,” he whispered in her ear, his voice as strained as her own. He slid his mouth along her neck to her shoulders. His hands began their own exploration of her, moving from her waist up along her ribs, tugging the material of her chemise with him. Jake’s thumbs grazed her breasts, and Rachel arched her back in response to his touch. A soft whimper escaped her lips. In the next instant, he slowly untied the laces holding her chemise together. With torturous slow movements, he slipped the garment from her shoulders. Wherever his hand caressed, his lips followed. Her skin sizzled in the wake of his touch, and renewed shivers coursed down her spine.

“Tonight I’m taking care of you, sweetheart. You’ve done enough caretaking for a while.” Jake’s mouth covered hers, moving across her lips first slowly, then with greater urgency, coaxing a response from her. Rachel couldn’t get close enough to him. Her fingers dug into his shoulders, and she greedily kissed him back.

A feeling of weightlessness came over her, as if she floated on air, and there was nothing else in the world except for her and Jake. Her head spun dizzily, and she gave herself over to her husband’s touch as his hands explored every inch of her. He kissed her lips, her neck, her breasts, until Rachel was sure she would explode if he didn’t make the sweet pain in the center of her belly go away. When his hand slid between her thighs, she opened to him willingly.

He moved on top of her, and a sudden sharp pain ripped through her. Her body stiffened. Jake covered her mouth with his to stifle her cry.

“Shhhh, it’s over,” he whispered against her lips. His fingers caressed her face, and Rachel willed herself to relax. The pain was quickly replaced by a sensual feeling of fullness, and Jake slowly began to move insider her. He held her hips, and coaxed her to move in time with him. Jake’s movements increased, and a new need arose in her. She arched her hips to draw him in deeper, then wrapped her legs around his waist. Her hands clutched at his damp back.

Suddenly her world spun out of control. Spasms and ripples of indescribable pleasure rushed through her, and she cried out Jake’s name. He kissed her again as his own body shuddered, and together they collapsed in a tangle of arms and legs against the mattress. Jake rolled off of her, and pulled her up against him, his breathing hard and fast.

“I love you,” she cried against his chest, and wrapped her arms around his neck. “Don’t let go of me.”

“I’ll never let you go. There’s nothing that’ll take you away from me. Ever.” Jake swept her hair from her damp face, and held her tight. He ran his hand through her thick strands, and kissed the top of her head. His heart beat strong and steady against her ear.

Warmth radiated from every part of her, from the inside out. She couldn’t remember a time when she’d ever been so completely happy.

“Tell me about your home. About Montana.” Rachel ran her fingers up and down his arm, the after effect of their lovemaking lulling her into a contented inner peace.

Jake’s muscles tensed briefly. His hold on her tightened.

“My folks own a large cattle ranch. For a while, we’ll have to live with them, but the house is big enough for everyone. We’ll build our own home on the spread.”

Rachel lifted her head to stare up at him in the darkness. It was only his silhouette that she saw. He’d never spoken of his family.

“What happened to make you so bitter against them, Jake?” Rachel’s heart sped up. She didn’t mean to pry into his personal affairs with his family. Jake sucked in a deep breath.

“I thought I wanted a different life than what my folks insisted I should do. I was expected to help run the ranch, and it just didn’t interest me. Coming here, meeting all the folks on this wagon train, and especially you, made me realize I was searching for the wrong thing, and in the wrong place.”

“I hope I’ll please your parents,” she said slowly. What if she wasn’t the kind of woman his folks would have wanted him to marry? It sounded as if Jake’s family was wealthy. She was nothing but a simple farm girl.

Jake chuckled. “Are you kidding?” He bent his head and kissed her. “They are going to love you. You’re going to exceed their wildest dreams about the kind of girl they think I should marry.” His hand slipped behind her head, and he pulled her up to him. He nuzzled her neck, then whispered in her ear, “Let’s not talk about my family. Let’s talk about you and me.”

Ripples of desire shot through her.

“I love you, Rachel Owens.”

Rachel wrapped her arms around his neck. Jake rolled her to her back and leaned over her. His lips had barely touched hers. A loud banging on their wagon jolted them apart.

“Jake?” Someone yelled from outside. Rachel recognized Jeb Miller’s voice. “Jake, get out here. We got a problem.”

Jake cursed loudly. “What the hell is going on?” He pushed himself to a sitting position. “I swear, when we get home, I’m taking you on a honeymoon far away from everyone else,” he grumbled.

“Jake, we need to talk to you. Wilson’s dead.”





Chapter Twenty-Two





Rachel sat up on the mattress with a blanket draped around her. Outside she heard the loud voices of a dozen men as they gathered at her camp. Jake had reluctantly dressed, and left the wagon with a whispered promise of returning shortly.

Despite the chill in the air, her body was still heated from the after effects of Jake’s lovemaking. She smiled softly, and lay back against the mattress. The sketchy bits of information she’d gathered over the years about what happened between a man and wife in their marriage bed couldn’t even come close to what her experience had been like with Jake.

She’d heard women complain about their duty to their husbands, but Polly had made it no secret that she loved Thomas and the things they did in the privacy of their bedroom. Rachel knew that this was one wifely duty she would never object to. Her body hummed, thinking about her husband and what his touch did to her. She hoped he wouldn’t be detained too long with the men.

Rachel closed her eyes. What would happen now with Mr. Wilson dead? What had happened to him? Straining her ears, she listened to the boisterous talk outside, but only caught snippets of what was being said. Apparently Mr. Wilson had gotten into a scuffle with a trader, and a fight had ensued. The trader had slit Mr. Wilson’s throat, and then disappeared into the night. Jeb Miller loudly proclaimed that his company would move out in the morning as scheduled, and that Jake would not only be their guide, but he would be acting as wagon master from now on as well.

“It makes no sense to ford the Platte.” Jake’s voice was loud and confident. “There’s an easier route to reach the Sweetwater, to the north of Fort Laramie. Anyone who objects to this route can join up with another company.”

“We heard tell that the mountains are so steep, and the sand too heavy to drive wagons through,” someone yelled.

“I ain’t gonna argue with you about this,” Jake called out. “We’re leaving at seven o’clock sharp. Now if you all will excuse me, I have a wife in need of my attention.”

Many of the men laughed or chuckled, and some made obscene comments. Rachel's cheeks burned so hot, she thought her face would catch fire. She pulled a blanket over her head, as if that would hide her from the embarrassment of facing these people in the morning.

A few minutes later the wagon tilted and squeaked.

“You still awake?” Jake called softly. The blanket lifted, and he lay down next to her, and gathered her in his arms.

“Why did you have to say that to those men?” Rachel whispered, even as her skin tingled to life from his touch.

“You think they don’t know what we’re doing?” He chuckled against her ear.

“What will happen now with Mr. Wilson dead?” she asked, rather than contemplate his question. She sucked in a deep breath when Jake nuzzled her neck.

“We go on as before,” he said absently, his lips trailing a path along her throat to her mouth. A few seconds later, Rachel couldn’t concentrate on anything else but her husband’s touch.

The following morning, Jake led the company of fifteen wagons along the north side of the Platte River into the Black Hills. Two families plus Marcus Powell had opted to join another company, but they had gained four others who were willing to follow Jake, despite all the arguing the night before.

Rachel drove the team of mules, her eyes on the man astride the buckskin mustang, the man she proudly called her husband. The terrain over the next several days changed dramatically, from the flat prairie she’d become accustomed to over the last five weeks to mountains and hills covered in pine trees. Wildflowers and plants of all descriptions adorned the valleys, adding to the beauty of the area. The concerns of those who objected to this route were quickly proven to be unfounded, just like Jake had said. On the second day, a party of fifteen Indians blocked their way, demanding food and clothing in exchange for passage. Jake had remained adamant that nothing was to be given to these men, and eventually, the Indians allowed them to pass.

“What if there had been trouble with those Indians, Jake?” Rachel asked that evening, while lying in her husband’s arms under the wagon.

“Something I’ve learned from the Native Americans I deal with at home is that they love to barter and haggle, but it’s all in good fun. They looked pretty harmless, but if we had given them what they wanted, they probably would have come back the next day. It’s like feeding a stray cat. Once you give it food, it won’t leave.

Rachel pondered Jake’s peculiar words. Sometimes he said the strangest things. Calling the Indians Native American sounded very odd, indeed. She didn’t get the chance to ask him about it. He leaned over her in the next instant, his lips and hands igniting a fire inside her that made her forget everything else.

The final day of travel along the North Platte proved to be the toughest. The wagons traversed an area of immense sandstone bluffs, and had to climb numerous hills where the trail was deep with sand. Several times, a wagon got stuck, and it required the effort of several men and an added team of mules to aid the unfortunate rig. Jake often complained that the wagons were simply too heavy. Those who had packed only the barest necessities fared much better.

At the Upper Crossing of the Platte, Jake called a two-day rest. He advised everyone to catch up on chores and wagon repairs, and to allow the animals to graze as much as they wanted, even suggesting that grass be cut to bring along. The route up ahead would become more difficult from here on, he said, where water and suitable food would become scarce. Jake advised everyone to unload as much from their wagons as they could spare, save for their supplies.

“Can we get rid of these heavy trunks?” Jake asked Rachel after setting up camp.

She could tell he hated asking her to give up her possessions when he pointed at her two wooden chests filled with clothing and linens.

“I don’t mind giving them up, if you think it would help,” she answered. “I can pile the clothing in a corner of the wagon.

A few wagons away from their camp, Rachel heard the shrill voices of Annabelle and Harriet Edwards.

“I will do no such thing, Elijah Edwards! You can’t expect Annabelle and myself to part with my mother’s heirloom furniture. It goes with us, or we stay here!”

“Maybe poor Elijah should take her up on her offer,” Jake whispered, grinning broadly.

“Jake!” Rachel slapped his arm in mock outrage. She shot him a disapproving look. A second later they both burst out laughing. Jake’s arms snaked around her, and he pulled her to him. He smoothed some loose strands of her hair behind her ear, his laughter slowly fading. Rachel sucked in a deep breath.

“I’m a lucky guy,” he whispered huskily, and kissed her until her legs melted like butter, and he had to hold her up.

For days, they traveled through nothing but miles and miles of sagebrush desert. They had once again joined the main trail, and the road before them was littered with discarded personal items as people who had traveled the road before them attempted to lighten their wagons. Rachel was amazed at the things she saw. Cooking stoves too numerous to count, furniture, blacksmiths’ anvils, harnesses, barrels, kegs, clothing, and even beans and bacon were found along the road. Many dead oxen, no doubt too worn out to travel further, fouled the air with the stench of death and decay.

Everyone rejoiced when an oddly shaped monolith came into view in the distance. They had reached Independence Rock, and the Sweetwater River. Jake called a halt for the noon rest along the river, where the grass grew in abundance. After unhitching the team so they could graze, Jake grabbed Rachel’s hand, and together with the boys, climbed to the top of the giant, turtle-shaped curiosity.

“What a view,” Jake exclaimed, keeping a firm hand on David, who sat perched on Jake’s shoulders. Rachel had to agree. She could see for miles in all directions, including a large herd of buffalo in the distance, but what beckoned her most were the clear waters of the Sweetwater River. How long had it been since she washed herself in water not laden with silt and sand?

Jake pulled David from his shoulders, and told Billy to keep a tight hold on the toddler. He pulled his knife from his belt.

“What are you doing?” Rachel asked.

Jake knelt to his feet, and looked up at her. “Carving our names in the rock. Looks like a lot of other people have done the same.” He pointed at the rock. Sure enough, the names of many people had been carved into the stone. Rachel watched as Jake scraped first his name into the rock, then added hers below, and outlined it with a heart.

“Can you carve our names, too?” Tommy asked, watching Jake’s handiwork.

“I’ve seen boys carve their sweetheart’s name in a tree before,” she said out loud.

After carving all the boys’ names next to the heart, Jake stood to his feet. “Well, since there are no trees here, and since you’re my sweetheart, I reckon this is appropriate.”

Rachel’s insides flooded with love for this man. It was hard to believe that a little over a month ago she had considered him rude and abrasive.

After their rest, the company of wagons forded the Sweetwater River, and followed along its banks on the south side until they came to a grassy clearing. The river continued to flow through a narrow canyon between two high bluffs a short distance away. Devil’s Gate, Jake had called it.

While setting a pot of beans over the campfire to cook, Rachel gathered an armful of dust-covered clothes, and headed for the river. Mary Holland joined her, just as eager to do some washing.

“Isn’t it beautiful here?” Mary asked, a wide smile on her face. They sat at the banks of the river, enjoying the cool early evening breeze. Rachel dipped a pair of Tommy’s britches into the water.

Several other women soon joined them. Annabelle Edwards glared at Rachel from several yards away. The girl hadn’t spoken directly to her since leaving Fort Laramie, and Rachel had no desire to seek her out. Her mother had offered no apologies to Jake for the accusations they’d made against him. In contrast, Elijah Edwards had approached Jake several times, seeking his forgiveness for the way his wife and daughter had acted. The entire incident hadn’t stopped Harriet from trying to be the center of attention among most of the other women, carrying on in her usual style. Rachel had noticed a definite change in most women’s attitudes towards her, however, and several ladies appeared uncomfortable in Harriet’s presence. No one spoke of Annabelle’s behavior in public, and other than the hateful looks she cast at Rachel, she kept to herself or close to her mother most of the time.

Rachel couldn’t remember a happier time, or a more picturesque area than the Sweetwater Valley they traveled through for the next several days. Along the way they encountered Indians and white traders, and Rachel gladly traded a sack of dried peaches for a pair of moccasins. Her boots were worn beyond wear. Somehow, Jake had managed to barter for new footwear for the boys as well. He had told her to enjoy the scenery now. Once they reached South Pass, an area that would take them over the Continental Divide, the landscape would be harsh and dry once again.

“South Pass should be easy to cross,” he told her. “Then you’ll be on the other side of the continent.”

“I’ve never heard of mountains as being easy to cross,” Rachel scoffed. “I know you’re just trying to set my mind at ease.”

They sat in front of their campfire, and Jake pulled out his map that he carried with him at all times. Rachel had never looked at it closely. She leaned over for a better view.

“I’ve never seen such an elaborate map.” The pictures looked almost real. Alive. She’d seen photographs in Ohio once, but nothing as clear as this. It looked as if a photograph had been taken from high up in the air, looking down at the entire expanse from Missouri to Oregon Territory. Miniscule typeset covered the map.

Jake glanced up at her. “It’s called a satellite image. I’ll explain it to you someday.” He held her gaze, almost as if he waited for her to question him further, and he seemed uneasy. Rachel pushed the silly thought from her mind. Why would Jake feel uneasy about a map? There were many things she’d never heard of before. She should be grateful that Jake had this map to guide him.

“I’ll go check on the boys,” she said softly, and stood from her seat on the overturned bucket. Jake folded the map, and reached for her before she had a chance to walk away, and pulled her onto his lap. A soft squeal escaped her lips, and Jake quickly covered her mouth with his. When she wrapped her arms around his neck and leaned into him, he drew back.

“What will the rest of the camp think if they hear you making those noises?” he asked, his breath hot against her neck.

“They’ll think I have a husband who loves me well,” Rachel answered huskily. “As I recall you telling me, everyone already knows.” She pressed her lips to his, and a ripple of desire swept through her. A quiet growl escaped Jake’s throat, and his hands traveled the length of her torso. Then he pulled his head back and lifted his hands from her waist.

“Better check on the kids, Rachel, because in another ten seconds I’m dragging you under that wagon.”





Chapter Twenty-Three





Jake dismounted his mare, and stood before the great fork in the road. To the left, the trail led south to Fort Bridger. To the right, he could shave nearly sixty miles from their trip. It also meant very little food or water for the animals for almost three days. Standing in the crossroads, he stared at the vast expanse of dusty prairie, warily eyeing the mountains in the distance.

For days, he and a few of the other men had been forced to drive the livestock several miles from camp each night to find suitable grazing for the hungry and weakened animals. More than a few showed the strain of the journey. Jake’s mare was still in good flesh, as were Rachel’s team of mules. He attributed it to the fact that Rachel’s wagon was probably lighter than most others.

Elijah Edwards had lost one of his mules, and had finally put his foot down with his wife and daughter. At their camp one night, he’d emptied out their wagon to the point that only the barest necessities remained. Annabelle had pitched a fit like a two-year-old having a tantrum in a toy store. Jake thought the girl might snap completely.

Thankfully he hadn’t had any more problems with Annabelle. Harriet Edwards kept her distance, although she glared at him sometimes with disdain in her eyes. Jake usually countered it with a wide smile, making the woman scuffle off in a huff. To this day, Jake had his suspicions that Marcus Powell and Annabelle had gotten a little too cozy, and maybe things had gotten out of hand. That coward had decided to join up with another wagon train, now that his buddy Frank Wilson wasn’t around anymore to cover his back.

“What do you think?” Jeb Miller came up beside Jake, who stood staring at the two sets of wagon ruts that disappeared in a V-shape into the distance.

“We’ve made good time so far. I don’t see what the advantage will be to risk our lives and that of the animals. I say we go the south way. I’m not putting Rachel or the kids at risk to save a few days.”

Jeb’s lips rose in a smile. “You’re a changed man, Jake. I bet a month ago you would have thought differently.” He slapped Jake’s back. “Nothing like a good woman to put you on the straight and narrow, eh?”

“Yeah.”

Jake glanced over his shoulder towards camp. Just watching Rachel perform everyday tasks like baking batches of bread each evening, or playing with the boys before bedtime, brought an inner peace to him unlike anything he’d ever felt. She would quietly sit with him after supper, and he enjoyed just holding her in his arms most nights. She was still too shy and modest to come right out and tell him she wanted him to make love to her, but she didn’t need to say the words. Her innocent actions, the way she clung to him and kissed him, made him wonder what he ever saw in the modern women he used to be with. That chapter in his life was over.

Jake marveled at her resilience during the times when water was scarce, and the heat beat down on them relentlessly. She always gave most of her share to the children and even the livestock. She drove the wagon with a fierce determination, whether through a sandstorm or torrential rains. And he loved her more every day.

Negotiating the Snake River Valley had to be the most frustrating part of the journey to date. They’d been on the trail for nearly three months, and tempers were running short. Two men had gotten into an argument over a camping spot, which had resulted in one man accidentally shooting himself in the foot.

The Snake River Plains had taken a heavy toll on the animals, some looking like walking skeletons. Jake relied heavily on his map, looking for the best places to ford the treacherous river. He finally chose a spot where the river was about six hundred yards wide, and broken up by several islands. The water appeared to be no deeper than four or five feet. Or so he hoped.

“We’ll chain the wagons together in groups of five or six, and use every available animal to pull,” he told Jeb Miller. It would be an all-day undertaking to cross this river, but there was no way around it. Once across, it would be a long uphill climb. Jake wondered silently how many animals they would lose. He hated seeing the mules and oxen in such bad shape. There was nothing he could have done. He knew that, but it didn’t make looking at the emaciated critters any easier. He only hoped that they would find better foraging once they were out of the floodplain, or they might all be walking the rest of the way to Oregon.

By midafternoon, ten wagons had made it safely across the river. The final group had just entered the water when one of the lead mules slid and lost its footing. Thrashing wildly in the water, several of the other mules balked in their harnesses. Jake guided his horse into the water as people on both sides of the river shouted loudly. The voice his ears honed in on was Rachel’s. Thank God she’d already crossed safely.

Jake reached the panicked mule, and leaned over his saddle. He grabbed for the animal’s bridle. Damn! He should have thrown his lasso over the mule’s head instead, but hearing Rachel call his name had temporarily distracted him. The fearful animal lunged forward as it finally regained a foothold on the slippery rocks in the river, and yanked Jake from the saddle. He hit the icy water and went under, right between the thrashing hooves of the mule. Jake surfaced, gulping for air. Before he could get out of the way, the mule kicked out and caught him in the ribs. Blinding pain shot through him, and he fought to keep his head above water. Over the rushing sound of the river, he could hear people yelling at him, and he caught a glimpse of Rachel running along the shore. Gritting his teeth against the pain, he let the river’s current sweep him away from the frightened animal. The water wasn’t deep in most places, and he was able to drag himself through the river, half walking and half swimming. Reaching the rocky shore, he collapsed to the ground.

“Jake,” Rachel called to him, her voice sounding frantic and far away. “You can’t leave me, Jake. Please. I love you.” She knelt beside him, panic in her voice. Jake opened his eyes and clutched at his side. He forced a grin.

“It’s gonna take more than a mule and water to keep me away from you,” he whispered, despite the pain it caused him to speak. Her hands cradled his head in her lap, and she bent over him and kissed him.

“I’m all right,” he groaned, and tried to sit up. “I just got the wind knocked out of me.”

Jeb Miller and Ben Holland appeared and helped him to his feet. Keeping him between them, they slung his arms across their shoulders, and walked him to his wagon.

“Might want to have Rachel bind those ribs,” Jeb said, poking at his sides. “Don’t feel like anything’s broke, but it’s gonna hurt like hell for a few days.”

“Yeah,” Jake grumbled, sitting on the wagon’s tailgate. His eyes met Rachel’s. He held out his hand to her, which she grabbed eagerly.

“You could have died,” she whispered, her eyes shimmering with the tears she tried to hold back.

“But I didn’t,” he said, his gaze locked on hers. “I’m okay, sweetheart.” He rubbed her palm with his thumb. Smiling brightly, he added, “Now help me out of these clothes so I don’t catch cold.”

Jake’s bruise healed slowly over the next few weeks. He tried to hide the pain he was in from Rachel, but he knew that she was aware of his discomfort. She doted on him worse than a mother hen, and he enjoyed every minute of it. But he couldn’t afford to slow down, or allow the wagon train to slow down. Summer would be giving way to winter soon, and it was that knowledge that kept them going over the rigorous Blue Mountains. They lost several more cows and mules over the weeks, and tempers flared worse than before among the people.

The weeks dragged on. Jake led them through the irregular rocky terrain of the Blue Mountains covered in spruce and pine trees, sometimes so thick, they had to cut trees to get wagons through. Several in their company suffered from what Jeb Miller called mountain fever, and they buried several of their members along the way.

Jake once again had a choice to make when they reached the Cascade Range: either take the Columbia River heading south, or the more formidable Barlow Road over the range. Put to a vote, the company chose to head toward a trading post along the Columbia for some much-needed supplies.

“There’s already snow in them mountains,” one trader told Jake. “I wouldn’t advise taking your families over. I got some dependable Injuns that’ll float you down the river. They know the course of the water and how to navigate it. A few others’ll take your stock over the mountains to Oregon City.”

Jake studied the man, wondering if he could be trusted. His map did indicate that the river was the preferable choice than the long way around Mount Hood.

“We’re gonna travel by boat?” Tommy asked excitedly.

“Looks like it,” Jake told the eager boy.

For the next three days, the men busied themselves building rafts, and removing the wheels of the wagons, which would be floated down the river. This would be the last hurdle. Within days, they would be in Oregon City. Jake’s heart sped up. The river should be relatively easy compared to all the trials they endured traveling the trail. He quickly discovered this wasn’t the case.

The wind turned out to be their biggest challenge. In places, the river was almost a lake, and the strong gusts through the Columbia Gorge made forward movement nearly impossible. There was no natural current to aid in floating them down river. Everyone helped out with long poles, pushing the crafts forward. Sometimes Jake wondered if the overland mountainous trail wouldn’t have been the better choice. Rachel rubbed at his sore and aching shoulders each evening, despite being worn out herself.

“You sure know how to spoil a man,” he told her, pulling her up against him with her back turned to him. “Only fair I return the favor.” Her muscles relaxed under the steady kneading of his hands. Jake bent forward and kissed her neck. “A few more days, and it’ll be over,” he whispered in her ear.

Four days later, after more than five months of travel, the weary company saw the first signs of civilization as Oregon City came into view along the banks of the river. Loud cheers arose from the people. After months of windswept plains, treacherous river crossings, and seemingly impossible mountain ascends and descends, they’d reached the end of the trail. Jake felt the excitement along with everyone else. These people were about to embark on a new life, having survived hardships unimaginable in modern times. Whether he would return to the twenty-first century or stay in this time remained to be seen.





Chapter Twenty-Four





Jeb Miller shook Jake’s hand heartily when they disembarked from the raft. Town folks flocked to the dock to greet the new arrivals, some cheering and waving in welcome.

“Without you, we wouldn’t have made it, Jake. You’re a good man to have around.” Jeb Miller slapped his back, then glanced around. “Well, best unpack and find a place to settle for the night. In the morning, we’ll most likely head out and look for a permanent place to call home.” His eyes narrowed on Jake. “You thinkin’ of stayin’ put with your family? Would be mighty proud to have you for a neighbor.”

“Not sure yet,” Jake said, scanning the people for any sign of Reverend Johnson. Was he even supposed to meet him here in Oregon City? He couldn’t think of any other place where he would meet up with him. This was the end of the trail. “I’m actually thinking of taking Rachel and the boys home to where I’m from.”

Miller smiled. “Well, at least you’ve given up your wanderin’ ways now.” He raised a questioning eyebrow.

Jake chuckled. “You bet.”

Jake turned back to the raft. Rachel lifted David onto the dock, then stepped onto shore. Jake rushed to her side and held her arm.

“We made it,” she said, a radiant smile on her face. Jake squeezed her hand.

“Yeah, we made it.” But we’re not home yet. His pulse quickened. The time was drawing near when he would have to make a decision. Apprehension suddenly flooded him. If Johnson agreed to send them both to the future, how would Rachel react? He pushed the thought out of his mind. He would cross that bridge later.

“Ready to see your first bit of real civilization in months, Mrs. Owens?” Jake asked brightly. He sat David on his shoulders.

“I must look a sight,” she said, and absently swept some loose tendrils of hair from her face.

“We all look like we just spent five months in the wilderness.” Jake grinned. “But you’re still the most beautiful woman I know.”

Rachel rolled her eyes, then hooked her arm through Jake’s as they headed for the main street of town. Billy and Tommy skipped up the street ahead of them. They passed a store with a large sign painted on the front that read General Merchandise.

“Let’s go have a look,” Jake said, pulling Rachel toward the store. Several people milled around outside, looking on with curiosity. No doubt many of them had made the same journey in previous years. Jake ushered her through the door in front of him. He pulled David from his shoulder, but held him in the crook of his arm.

“What are we doing in here?” Rachel whispered, and pulled Tommy away from a shelf piled high with knives of all shapes and sizes. He and Billy oohed and aahed.

“Is there anything you need?” Jake asked. He didn’t know how long they’d be here in Oregon City before he met up with the reverend, and he knew most of their supplies were depleted.

“We can come back after I make a list,” Rachel said.

A short woman with long black hair emerged through a door that led to a back room. She wore a buckskin dress, and looked to be at least part Indian. Jake guessed she must be the storeowner’s wife.

“Is there something I can help you find?” she asked, a wide smile on her face. Her eyes traveled over him appreciatively, then rested on Rachel. “You must have just arrived. A bath perhaps, for your wife?”

Rachel’s head snapped around at the woman’s words. “A bath with hot water?” she asked eagerly.

“Yes, ma’am.”

Rachel’s gaze shot to Jake, a look of longing on her face. Jake’s gut clenched unexpectedly. The idea of a hot water bath did sound mighty appealing. Soon you can take hot showers again. A new wave of desire swept over him, visions of Rachel in his arms under a steamy shower at the ranch.

“My wife would love to take a bath.” He grinned, and squeezed Rachel’s hand. The look of pure joy on her face at such a simple thing as a hot water bath melted his insides. He loved her more every day.

The woman nodded, a pleased look on her face. “It’ll be ready momentarily,” she said. There’s soap on the shelf over there.” She pointed to the far wall. “I’ll call you to the back when the water’s hot.”

Jake stepped up to Rachel when the woman disappeared again to the other room. “How did I get so lucky,” he said softly, and caressed her cheek with the back of his hand. Rachel’s forehead wrinkled.

“I’m the lucky one, Jake.” She reached up and kissed his cheek.

“The boys and I’ll clean up later. Take as long as you need.”

After the woman returned and beckoned Rachel to follow her, Jake lingered in the store with the kids, and handed them each a piece of licorice from the candy jar on the counter.

When the woman came back into the store, he said, “Please tell my wife to pick out some new underclothes and a dress.” He pointed to the rack of dresses hanging in the corner. He reached into the pocket of his shirt, and produced several coins, handing them to the eager merchant. “When she’s done, send her to the boarding house up the street. Tell her I’m getting us a room there.”

Jake left the store with the boys in tow. He headed for the boarding house he’d glimpsed before they entered the dry goods store. Tonight, Rachel would sleep in a real bed. He was looking forward to that himself. After securing a room for the night, he returned to the dock. Jeb Miller had taken charge of bringing the wagons to shore after finding the men who had herded the livestock to the city. Jake drove the wagon through town, and a short distance downriver. Finding Mary and Ben Holland camped along the shore where good grass for the animals grew in abundance, he asked if they would watch the boys for the night. The couple had both grinned at him and exchanged knowing glances. Jake merely shrugged sheepishly.

After a quick dip in the river and a shave, Jake headed back to town. Rachel would probably be finished with her bath by now, and might be waiting for him at the boarding house. This was the closest he could offer her to a day of pampering while they were still here in the nineteenth century. The owner of the boarding house had said that supper would be on the table at five o’clock sharp. Rachel wouldn’t have to cook for once, and she’d get to sleep on a real mattress.

Jake couldn’t help but grin, his steps light as he moved down the main street of Oregon City. He’d never felt happier. Rather than lose interest in Rachel, the way he’d done with so many girls in his past, he fell in love with her more each and every day.

“Jake Owens,” a man called loudly from behind him, and Jake wheeled around. He recognized that smooth voice instantly. His heart began to race inexplicable.

“Reverend Johnson,” he said, and held out his hand. He hoped his voice didn’t give away his sudden apprehension. The reverend shook his hand, a pleased look on his face. His icy blue eyes shimmered in the late afternoon sun. A sudden smile brightened his face even more.

“So, you’ve made it, I see,” the reverend said, and motioned with his hand for Jake to walk with him. “How was the journey?”

“Long.” Jake chuckled. “Dusty. Not much different than a cattle drive, really, in some ways.” He peered at the man walking beside him. The reverend’s hands were clasped behind his back. “No doubt the hardest thing I’ve ever done, or will ever do, in my life,” he added.

“Did you find what has eluded you for so long?”

Jake stopped. He faced the reverend and stared into his expectant face. “I know I want to return to Montana,” he said. “I realize now where my true calling is. Experiencing life like this . . . it was eye opening. Running a cattle ranch and teaching folks about what life was like in this time is what I want to do. My folks were right all along. I don’t know why I thought I could find happiness in the city, living the fast life, with fast women.”

“Glad to hear that, Jake.” The reverend nodded in approval. “And I’m sure your folks will be happy about your decision as well.”

“Most folks got here safely,” Jake said hesitantly. “There were a few casualties.” He’d been held responsible for the safety of the people of the wagon train, and to get them to their destination. Now, Jake wondered if he had failed because not everyone made it.

“Sadly, that is to be expected. But you kept the people together, and did your best. You have nothing to worry about, Jake. You’ve succeeded here, and I promised you I’d make your problems in the future go away. Consider it done. You passed your test. With flying colors, I might add.” The reverend’s teeth gleamed when he smiled widely. “Rachel Parker is safely here in the city, I take it?” His eyebrows rose.

“She is.” Jake grinned. Now he could ask the question that burned in his mind.

“Did you learn anything from a woman who is so unlike any of your preferred female company?”

“I don’t know what I ever saw in all those women,” Jake confessed, shaking his head. “Rachel is the most wonderful girl I’ve ever met. The girls I used to go out with; none of them were real. They all pretended to be something they weren’t. Rachel is real. She’s honest, and beautiful, and natural. I want to thank you for her, reverend. Your plan couldn’t have played out better.”

“My plan?” Johnson’s eyebrows rose.

Jake laid a hand on the man’s shoulder. “Yeah, your plan. You wanted me to keep an eye out for her, remember? Your plan worked brilliantly.”

An uneasy look passed over the reverend’s face. “What plan, Jake?”

Jake chuckled. “You knew I’d fall for her. It’s what you wanted, ain’t it? Get us together? I love Rachel. She’s the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”

The reverend’s distinctly stricken look brought a sinking feeling to Jake’s chest.

“You fell in love with Rachel Parker?” For the first time, the reverend didn’t project confidence and happiness. His perpetual smile had turned into a frown. “That can’t be possible.”

“Why not?” Jake’s voice rose, his eyebrows drawn together. “Why would you go through all that trouble to get me to her time, and tell me I had to protect her on this journey? From the first moment I saw her, I knew she was destined to be mine. It’s why you sent me here. We love each other.”

The reverend stared at him in silence. He looked as if someone had died.

“Say something, dammit!” Jake gritted his teeth. His hands started to shake, and every muscle in his arms tensed.

“In all my time, granting second chances, something like this has never happened before,” the reverend spoke softly. “This shouldn’t have happened. You and Rachel weren’t meant to be together. Your journey, it was not about finding Rachel. It was about finding yourself. Rachel was merely a prop to help you find your way.”

“A prop?” Jake boomed. “You consider Rachel a prop?” He ran a hand through his hair. Why was he getting all worked up over this? It didn’t matter if this wasn’t the reverend’s plan. “I’m taking her with me to the future. You have to arrange that.”

The reverend’s eyes widened. He slowly shook his head. “Do you remember when I told you that Rachel was where she belonged? She can’t go to the future. Her life is here. She will meet her future husband when the next wagon train arrives here in Oregon City.”

Jake laughed. “That’s where you’re mistaken, reverend. She’s already married. To me.” Jake stared directly into Johnson’s eyes. The warm and sympathetic man he’d met five months ago had vanished.

“You married Rachel?”

Jake’s forehead wrinkled. “I thought you knew. Don’t you know everything that happens already?” He was met with silence, so he continued. “I love her, reverend. She loves me. If you’re saying that she can’t travel to the future, then I’m staying here in the past.”

The reverend slowly shook his head. “You can’t stay in the past, Jake. This is not where you belong.”

Rage consumed him like a wildfire out of control. He grabbed the reverend by the shirt. “Like hell you’re gonna tell me I can’t stay here,” he growled, his face inches from the old man’s. “One way or the other, Rachel and I are staying together. Make it happen.” He unclenched his fist, and shoved himself away from Johnson. Panic engulfed him. His heart was being ripped from his chest strip by strip. It was unthinkable that he would lose her.

Reverend Johnson placed a hand on Jake’s shoulder. “Your journey here has ended. You’ve fulfilled all of your requirements. By morning, you will be back home in your own time. I can neither control it, nor prevent it from happening.”

Jake jerked his arm away. “I belong with Rachel. How can you toy with people’s emotions like that? What gives you the right? With every breath I breathe, I can feel that she is supposed to be with me. Her home is with me, dammit. She’s supposed to come home to me in the future.”

“I’m sorry, Jake. This is unprecedented. It’s not possible.”

Jake stared at the reverend. There was no hint on the man’s face that he wasn’t telling the truth. In a way, he looked remorseful. If ever he was close to tears, now was the time. His body trembled. He was going to lose the woman who meant the world to him. The reality of it sank into his brain like an anchor. He had no reason to doubt what the old man was telling him. Slowly, quietly, he turned away from the reverend, too numb to speak, to feel.

“You can’t run away from this. You’ll be back in the future by morning. Where are you going, Jake?” Reverend Johnson called after him.

“To be with my wife,” he whispered. He didn’t care if Johnson heard him or not. Like a robot, he moved one foot in front of the other, heading toward the boarding house. What did it matter if he returned to the future a changed person? He was worse off now than when he sat in jail with the prospects of rotting on death row.





Jake slowly opened the door to the room he had rented at the boarding house. The proprietress of the place had informed him that Rachel had arrived a little over a half hour ago. How would he break the news to her? What could he possibly tell her? He was still in shock from it all. His dreams, his life, it was all over. By morning, you will be back home where you belong.

His unfocused eyes drifted through the room. Rachel stood by the window. She turned, and a warm smile lit her face. Her long dark hair cascaded down her back, shimmering in the filtered light in the room. A soft scent of lavender drifted to his nose. Jake stood under the doorframe, staring at her. She would no longer exist in his life in less than twenty-four hours. The thought was inconceivable.

“Jake?” Rachel’s smile vanished, replaced by a concerned look on her pretty face. She took a step toward him. Jake pushed the door shut behind him, and in two swift strides, rushed to her, clasping her face between his hands. He brought his mouth down on hers like a man dying of thirst, starving for food. He walked her backwards and pushed her against the wall, the length of his body pressed against hers. His hands raked through her hair, the scent of lavender stronger than before, driving him mad.

Jake’s breath became labored, his fevered actions more urgent than a moment ago. Rachel wrapped her arms around his back, and kissed him with the wild and sweet abandon with which she always gave herself to him. Fumbling with the buttons on the new blue dress she wore, he pushed the garment from her shoulders with trembling hands. He bent and scooped her in his arms, and carried her to the bed. The mattress squeaked when he laid her on the covers, and leaned over her.

“I love you Rachel,” he said, his voice strained. Pulling his shirt off over his head, he eased himself over her. Forcing himself to calm down, he kissed her slowly, deeply, his hands exploring the curves and contours of her body, etching everything about her into his mind. Rachel sighed and wriggled beneath him, and together they removed the rest of each other’s clothing. Jake joined with her, knowing it would be the last time he made love to her. It would have to last a lifetime.

When he rolled to the side and pulled her into his arms, Rachel stared up into his eyes.

“Was it the lavender soap, or the fact that I’m clean for the first time in five months?” she asked teasingly, a dreamy smile on her face. Her hand caressed his chest, and Jake shuddered under her touch.

“I love you, Rachel,” he said again, huskily. “God, there’s no describing how much I love you.” He kissed her, and crushed her to him. He had to tell her. She had to know why he would suddenly be gone from her life come morning.

“I love you, too, Jake,” Rachel said, her forehead wrinkling. She studied his face, then leaned up and kissed his lips. Her fingers slid along his clenched jaw.

“I have to tell you something,” Jake said slowly, and pulled himself to a sitting position, leaning against the bed’s headboard. He pulled Rachel up with him, his arms wrapped tightly around her.

“What is it?” Concern etched her voice.

“I should have told you this a long time ago. I was going to tell you under different circumstances today. I was hoping . . . I saw the reverend.” Each thought that came from his mouth made no sense in relation to his previous one. He didn’t know where to begin.

He ground his teeth, and cursed. “It wasn’t supposed to be like this. I thought you were meant to go with me. If not, I would have stayed here with you.”

“Jake, you’re not making any sense,” Rachel sat up, and cupped his face between her hands. “I am going with you. To Montana, right?”

“Rachel,” he grabbed her wrists. He swallowed hard. His heart was about to explode. “I’m from the future. One hundred and sixty-four years in the future, to be exact. Tomorrow morning, I’ll be gone from here, from this time. From you.”

Rachel blinked, and stared. The silence between them was deafening. “You’re leaving me?” she finally asked, her eyes wide. She pulled out of his embrace. “You brought me to Oregon. You kept your promise to look out for me. You even married me. And now you’ve tired of me, and you’re leaving?” She turned her back to him, her voice sounding more bitter with each word she uttered.

Jake rushed up behind her, and pulled her up against him. “I love you, Rachel. I’m not leaving you because I want to. I have no control over this. I didn’t know. I want to take you with me. That was my plan all along. The reverend says it can’t be done. He sent me here, to this time, to lead the wagon train and to protect you. I thought he wanted me to meet you because we were destined for each other.”

Rachel turned, the tears shimmering in her eyes ripping at his heart.

“Why are you telling me a lie, Jake? Why not just be honest and say you’ve grown tired of me? That it’s time for you to move on.”

Jake grabbed her arms, and forced her to face him. If someone wrenched a knife into his heart, it couldn’t have hurt more than the look on Rachel’s face. “I don’t want to leave you,” he said forcefully between gritted teeth. “You have to believe me. I come from a time in the future. We don’t travel by wagons anymore. The journey we just finished from Iowa to here takes less than a day by airplane in my time.”

Rachel scoffed. “Now I know you’re lying. What you’re saying is impossible.”

“No, it’s not, dammit. Men have walked on the moon. I wanted to give you the kind of life you deserve, where diseases like cholera are treatable. Rachel, I don’t want the last night I have with you to be spent in anger. I love you. You’re all I ever wanted. I begged the reverend to let me stay here if he couldn’t send you to the future. You have to believe me.”

Jake wrapped his arms around her, crushing her to him. His entire body shook. A feeling of helplessness such as he’d never known swept over him. Slowly, Rachel returned his embrace.

“I love you, Jake.” Her sad tone told him she didn’t believe a word he said. “You promised you’d never leave me, that you’d hold on to me forever.”

He would rather take a bullet to the chest than hear the pain and disappointment in her tone when she spoke those words. His world spiraled out of control, and he was completely powerless to stop it. All this time, he’d made the assumption that his future was with Rachel, regardless of what century they were in. How could he make her understand?

“You’ll always be with me, Rachel. Always. I’m sorry I failed you. I know I can’t make you believe that I’m from the future. I just hope you’ll forgive me one day.” Jake pulled her on top of him. He held her tightly to him, as if it would bring her to the future with him. He closed his eyes, waiting for the inevitable. Was this what a terminally ill person felt? Just waiting for it to end? In his heart, he was already dead.





Chapter Twenty-Five





“Jake. Jake, wake up.”

Jake groaned, and rolled away from the hard jabbing sensation against his ribs. Straw crackled beneath him, and the rich smell of freshly cured hay entered his senses.

“Rachel?” he mumbled, and slowly opened his eyes. He squinted into the dim light, trying to focus his vision on the figure of a man looming over him. His head spun dizzily, his pulse beating at his temples.

“Rachel? Is that the name of your latest plaything?”

Jake jolted fully awake. His brother Tom stood over him, his hands on his hips. A tidal wave of loss and anguish swept over Jake as reality crashed in on him, and he squeezed his eyes shut. He was back in the twenty-first century.

“Did you spend the night in the barn? Don’t tell me you’re hung over.” Tom’s voice pounded in his head.

“Leave me the hell alone,” Jake grumbled, and turned to his side.

Rachel.

He was back home, just like the reverend said. A sudden thought occurred to him. Why was he home at the ranch? Shouldn’t he be in his jail cell in California?

“Come on, Jake. Don’t do this again. We have guests arriving for the week. Don’t act all disagreeable with these folks like you did with the last bunch. We had complaints about you.”

Jake blinked. Something wasn’t right, but he couldn’t put his finger on it. Just to get his brother off his back, he said, “I’ll be on my best behavior.”

“Well you can start by making yourself presentable,” Tom scoffed. “You look like hell.” Boots crunched on the hard-packed dirt, and a barn door echoed open and shut. Jake ran a trembling hand over his face, and pushed himself to a sitting position. Without seeing anything, he glanced around. He sat in a corner of the hay barn at the ranch. Straw littered the ground where he’d lain, and bales of hay were stacked from floor to ceiling behind him. How did he get here? How much time had passed?

Jake cursed loudly, and slammed his fist into the dirt. He ran his hand over the rough whiskers on his face again.

“Damn you for what you did, Johnson,” he growled under his breath. His body shook, and his muscles tightened everywhere. He drew his knees up and held his forehead in his palms.

Rachel.

She’s where she belongs, Jake. The old man’s voice echoed in his mind. Jake squeezed his eyes shut.

No, she belongs with me, dammit. She’s supposed to come home to me.

Jake sat in the stillness of the barn, and his vision blurred. He hadn’t cried since he was ten years old, after his dog died. Someone far more precious was lost to him now. Rachel was long dead in this time. So were the boys. Had she married again? Did she hate him after he disappeared, thinking he had left her? A thousand questions flooded his mind. She hadn’t believed him last night. He didn’t have the will to argue with her, or try and convince her that he was from the future. It didn’t matter anymore. All he could do, all he wanted to do, was hold her for the last time.

Jake inhaled a deep breath. The scent of lavender filled his senses, and he reached out a hand into the empty air, imagining touching her silky hair. Visions of her flooded his mind; her beautiful smile, her sky blue eyes, the softness of her skin. Had she found happiness? He wished it for her with all his breaking heart.

The barn door squeaked on its hinges as it opened, and a bright sheen of sunlight streamed through the opening.

“Jake? You in here? Tom said you was in here. You gotta come see this.”

Jake recognized the voice of Shorty Stilwell, one of the wranglers at the ranch. He was in no mood to interact with anyone. He knew it couldn’t be avoided.

“Hey man. You all right? Did someone die?”

Jake stared up at Shorty’s wide grin. He and the wrangler had been friends for a long time, but right now, Jake simply wanted to punch the silly smile off the guy’s face.

“Yeah, someone died,” he answered listlessly. He swiped his hand across his face again. He pushed himself fully off the ground, and noticed that he no longer wore buckskins. His denim pants and white t-shirt were stained and dirty as if he’d done a full day’s work on the ranch.

“Well I got just the thing to cheer you up, Jake.” Shorty pulled his cowboy hat from his head, and ran his hand through his bleach-blonde hair. Sometimes he looked more like a California surf bum than a Montana ranch hand. Apparently ignoring Jake’s words and somber mood, he winked.

“Come see what just pulled up in front of the guest house.” He whistled through his teeth. Jake stared at him blankly. Not deterred, Shorty practically hopped from one foot to the other. “Little blonde filly in her red convertible mustang. Legs a mile long in them tight jeans and high heels. Whooheee! It’s gonna be a great week at the ranch.” He shook his head, smacking his lips as if he’d just eaten the best meal of his life, and salivated for more.

Sandra! Jake’s heart pounded against his ribs. An incredible feeling of déjà vu hit him. If this was the week that Sandra showed up at the ranch, then that meant the reverend sent him back to the future long before his run-in with the law. Long before he abandoned his family to run off to the city. Jake clenched his jaw. That’s how the old man successfully made Jake’s troubles disappear.

“Well, you can have her,” Jake said and started for the barn door. He needed to be alone. He stopped, and turned. Looking Shorty in the eyes, he added, “On second thought, take my advice and stay as far away from that bitch as you can.” Shorty’s mouth dropped open, and his eyes widened. Jake didn’t wait for a reply. He left the hay barn and headed for the horse corrals up the gravel road. Pulling a halter off one of the hooks on a fencepost, he climbed over the rail, and selected a chestnut gelding from the group of four horses in the corral. He missed his little buckskin mustang mare.

Stroking the horse’s neck, he slipped the gelding’s head through the halter. A cool breeze touched Jake’s cheeks, carrying with it the strong scent of lavender. Adrenaline jolted him. Rachel. Jake spun around, hoping beyond hope, willing her to appear in front of him. Instead, a woman in tight blue jeans, and an even tighter wool sweater, and high-heeled boots that should be outlawed on a ranch, stood leaning over the fence. Her ample breasts nearly spilled out from the low-cut sweater she wore. She had one foot propped on the bottom rail of the corral, no doubt giving anyone behind her a tempting view of her rear, just as she was displaying her front to him. It was a posture meant to entice. Her blond waves fluttered in the breeze, and her bright red lips parted in a wide smile.

“Will you teach me to ride, cowboy?” she asked seductively, and tossed her head. Shorty walked up from behind, making hourglass motions with his hands, and wiggling his eyebrows. His smile grew wider than the barn door. Five months ago, Jake would have acted the same way. Tom headed down the path from the opposite direction, glaring his disapproval at Shorty.

Jake’s eyes narrowed on Sandra. He led the gelding to the corral gate, and opened it, leading the horse through. Shorty sprang forward and closed the gate behind him. Jake vaulted onto the horse’s bare back. He stared at the woman. She licked her lips in anticipation of his answer, and batted her mascara-laden lashes at him.

“Sorry, lady. You ain’t my type.”

Before he nudged the horse into a lope, he caught the astonished wide-eyed disbelief on the faces of his brother and the wrangler. Tom’s jaw nearly dropped to the ground. Jake urged his mount to greater speed as he headed toward the rolling pastures in the distance. A gallop through the hills, the wind blowing against his face, was what he needed, even though he knew he could never outrun the pain that shot through his heart.





Rachel rolled to her side, the springs beneath the soft mattress squeaking like the hinges on a barn door. An odd sense of loneliness overtook her. Her arm reached to the side, only to clutch cold sheets.

Jake! He was gone. Just like he told her. She sat up in the bed, and threw the covers off. A cold breeze hit her bare skin. Tears stung her eyes, her vision blurred as she glanced around the room. There was no trace, no hint that Jake had ever been here with her. Nothing except . . . Her dress and underclothes lay in a tangled heap on the ground at her feet.

She quickly pulled her clothes on, and with shaking hands, pinned her hair to the back of her head. She dashed from the room. Perhaps he hadn’t left town yet.

Why would he suddenly want to leave her? Over the last few months, she never doubted him when he told her he loved her. Could it have all been lies? He’d fulfilled his promise to her to see her safely to Oregon. But why would he marry her if he didn’t plan to stay with her? What about his plans of taking her to Montana? Had he finally grown tired of her?

His behavior from the night before was puzzling. His odd talk about the reverend, and his strange notion of being from a future time disturbed her. She’d never heard of such a preposterous thing. The idea of traveling two thousand miles in less than a day was too far-fetched to even contemplate. Men on the moon? She almost laughed out loud if she didn’t feel so much like crying.

Rachel left the boarding house and strode quickly through town until she reached the banks of the river. In the distance, several wagons were camped along the shoreline. She hoped to find Mary and Ben Holland, and her nephews. Perhaps Jake was with them this morning. Walking into camp, the aroma of fried bacon and strong coffee filled her nose, and she almost lost her stomach contents. Then she remembered she hadn’t eaten supper last night.

David waddled to her, and she lifted the toddler to her hips. He smacked a wet kiss against her cheeks, and Rachel hugged him to her. Mary stood bent over the fire, turning the bacon in the skillet.

“What are you doing here?” Mary looked up from her task, her eyebrows raised.

“Has Jake been here this morning?” Her heart pounded in her chest. Somehow she already knew the answer. A fresh wave of tears threatened to spill from her eyes. Mary stared at her, and rushed to her side.

“What happened, Rachel? Did you two have a lover’s quarrel?” She studied Rachel’s face. “He hasn’t been here this morning, but his horse ran off in the middle of the night. Unusual for that animal.”

“He left,” Rachel said quietly. A heavy weight descended on her shoulders, dragging her down. “He’s gone, Mary.” Tears spilled down her cheeks, and she set David on the ground.

“What do you mean, he’s gone?” Mary frowned. “That man loves you more than life itself. Unless someone dragged him off against his will, he would never leave you.”

I’m not leaving you because I want to. I have no control over this.

“I have to go find the reverend.” Rachel’s head snapped up, and her eyes widened. “Please, I know I’ve imposed on you enough, but could you watch the children until I return?”

Mary smiled. “I already planned to have the kids with me for most of the day.”

Rachel half walked, half ran along the banks of the river toward town. Reverend Johnson held the answers. Her mind flooded with countless thoughts. Jake’s odd hairstyle when she’d first met him. His odd speech at times. Montana, a place she’d never heard of. The way Jake knew what to do for cholera, and that he wasn’t afraid of contracting it. His ability to navigate trails no one believed existed. His odd map. Could all of it lead to one thing? Had he been telling her the truth, that he was from the future? It sounded too fantastic to even consider.

A small log cabin with a wooden cross mounted on the roof stood at the edge of town. With a determined lift of her chin, Rachel headed for the building. She had to have some answers. More importantly, she had to find Jake. She knocked on the door. Several minutes passed, and no one answered. Rachel wrung her hands together in front of her, then knocked again. What if the reverend had disappeared along with her husband? A jolt of panic shot through her.

“Can I help . . . Miss Rachel Parker, what a surprise.” Reverend Johnson emerged from around the building. Rachel spun away from the cabin door to face him. She expelled a breath of relief. He looked the same as she remembered him in Kannesville. How had he traveled here to Oregon, and arrived ahead of Mr. Miller’s company, looking as fresh as he had in Iowa? For a man of his advanced age, it seemed an impossible journey.

The journey we just finished from Iowa to here takes less than a day in my time.

The reverend offered her his hand, and a wide smile. Rachel stared into his unusual light blue eyes.

“I’m no longer Rachel Parker, Reverend,” she said slowly. “I’m Mrs. Jake Owens now.” She studied the man’s face for a reaction. His smile vanished.

“He shouldn’t have married you,” the old man said, and ran a hand over his face. “He misunderstood me back in Iowa.” He spoke as if she wasn’t even here.

“Reverend Johnson.” Rachel’s voice faltered. She cleared her throat. “Do you know where my husband is?”

The reverend’s clear eyes suddenly turned cloudy. He narrowed his gaze on her. “What has Jake told you?”

“He said that he was from a time in the future. That he was sent here by you to lead our wagon train. He told me he was once held for murder, and that you would clear his name if he led our train to Oregon.”

“Jake’s name has been cleared. His life is back on the right path. He learned a lot about himself while he was here.”

“It’s true then?” Rachel’s eyes widened. Her heart hammered loudly in her ears. “He’s from another time?”

“Yes, child.” He clasped her hand in between his warm palms. “Jake protected you, watched over you, just like he was instructed to do. I never considered he would fall in love with you.”

Tears rolled down Rachel’s cheeks. “Please, Reverend. He spoke often of taking me with him, to his home in a place called Montana.”

The reverend squeezed her hand. “But he didn’t tell you that this place was in the future, did he?” He released her hand and turned his back. Slowly, he walked up the path leading away from the cabin. Rachel rushed to his side.

“You have to bring him back, Reverend. Can you do that?”

He stopped, and faced her. Slowly, he shook his head. Rachel felt as though the ground was about to swallow her up. A small part of her wished that it would.

She wiped the tears from her face. Lifting her chin, she pleaded, “Then send me to him.”

An audible sigh escaped the reverend’s mouth. His chest heaved heavily. “It’s not something I can simply do. There has to be a compelling reason for me to send someone to a different time.”

Rachel stared at the old man. Fresh tears filled her eyes. Inhaling deeply, she said, “Reverend, I have a compelling reason.”





Chapter Twenty-Six





Jake stepped through the entrance of his family’s ranch home, and followed his nose to the kitchen. His mother stood at the island stove, stirring the contents of a stainless steel pot. His mouth watered. She was making her famous barbeque sauce that would be served tonight with the welcome cookout for the newly arrived city slickers. After five months of rice and beans, dry biscuits and bacon, his mother’s cooking smelled even better than he remembered. He clenched his jaw. He’d eat beans and bacon for the rest of his life if he had to, if he could just have Rachel with him.

“Jake, you’re home.” His mother smiled hesitantly at him. Her eyes scanned his appearance. “Looks like you’ve been working.”

“Yeah,” he said, hooking his thumbs through the belt loops of his denims. He studied his mother. He hadn’t seen her in nearly a year, but to her, he hadn’t left at all. The reverend must have made sure his appearance was the same as when he left with Sandra. Absently, he ran his hand through his hair. It was definitely short.

“Lunch’ll be ready in a half hour.”

“Looking forward to it.” He forced a smile, then left the kitchen and headed back to the entry to reach the flight of stairs to the second level. He might as well drown his misery under a hot shower. Tom headed him off at the bottom of the stairwell.

“Where’ve you been, Jake?” His brother’s eyes narrowed on him.

“Out riding.” Jake stepped around his brother to reach the stairs.

“Something’s different about you today, and I can’t put my finger on it,” Tom said from behind him. “Nice little act with that blonde. I’m sure I’ll find you rolling in the hay with her in a day or two.”

Jake wheeled around and advanced on Tom. “Let’s get something straight, big brother. I have no interest in her,” he snarled. “I wasn’t hung over when you found me sleeping in the barn, and Rachel is not a plaything.” He stared at his brother with narrowed eyes. “She’s my wife.” Without waiting for a response, he took the stairs two at a time, and slammed the door behind him to the bathroom. With his palms on the granite countertop, Jake leaned forward, his head hung low. His jaw muscles worked furiously to the point of making his teeth hurt. Repeatedly, he slammed his fists on the counter, cursing under his breath.

Mechanically, Jake removed his clothes and stepped into the shower. The water did little to wash away the pain ravaging his body from the inside out. Rummaging for clean clothes from his room across the hall, he headed back down the stairs to face his family. He inhaled a deep breath, and walked into the dining room where his parents and Tom were already seated to eat lunch together. His brother stared at him from across the table when Jake took his seat.

After several minutes of small talk, Jake cleared his throat and washed the last bite of roast beef sandwich down his throat with a glass of water.

“What would you think about adding a new feature to the dude ranch?” he asked slowly, glancing from his father to his mother. His parents looked at him, their eyes filled with surprise. Tom’s eyes narrowed.

“Like what?” his father asked.

“We could invest in a few Conestoga wagons, and offer an Oregon Trail themed campout or something. Maybe teach the guests a little about life on the trail.”

“We’d need to hire an interpreter,” his mother suggested.

“No. I’ll do it.”

“Your book knowledge about the Oregon Trail won’t be enough, Jake,” Tom chimed in.

“I know more about the trail than any modern interpreter, trust me.” Jake shot a challenging look at Tom.

“It’s an interesting idea, son. Why don’t you look into it some more, and tell me what you find out.”

Jake nodded at his father, then left the table and carried his plate to the kitchen.

“Let’s talk,” Tom said from behind him. He motioned with his head for Jake to follow him. They left the house, and stood on the wide veranda, overlooking the barns and corrals.

Tom leaned over him. He turned his head both ways as if checking to make sure that no one was nearby. Then he whispered loudly. “You're married? When did that happen? And where is she?”

Jake sat on the porch swing, and rested his elbows on his knees. Finally, he looked up into his brother’s waiting eyes.

“I’m gonna tell you something, Tom, and I just want you to listen without interrupting. After I’m done, I won’t talk about it again. You can believe me, or not, but I need to get this off my chest.”

Jake waited for Tom to nod in agreement, then inhaled a deep breath. He started at the beginning, with meeting Sandra, leaving the ranch with her, and his troubles in the city. In great detail, he talked about the reverend and his experiences in 1848, and finally about meeting Rachel and how she had changed his life. When he finished, he glared at his brother, who’d apparently been stunned into silence. Without another word, Jake stood from the swing, and headed toward the barns. He didn’t care one way or the other what his brother believed.





Rachel slowly opened her eyes. Blinking several times, she fought to focus her vision in the dim light. The pungent scent of hay filled her senses, along with other smells she couldn’t identify. Slowly, she raised herself to a sitting position, and rubbed at her eyes. Billy groaned softly next to her, and began to stir. Tommy and David appeared to be sound asleep. With a jolt of adrenaline that ignited her heart to speed up, she wondered if it had happened! Had they traveled through time in their sleep, just like the reverend said they would?

She sat up fully, and drew her legs underneath her, smoothing her dress to cover her ankles. Her stomach churned wildly, and for a moment she thought she might be sick. She had barely managed to keep the liquid down that the reverend had told her to drink the night before. Was it the following morning now? Her mind wandered back to her conversation with the reverend, trying to recall every detail.

“Please, Reverend. You have to bring my husband back.”

Reverend Johnson listened wide-eyed and silently to Rachel’s pleas to reunite her with Jake. Pacing before her, he mumbled how unprecedented her situation was, and finally conceded that he had no choice but to grant her request.

“I have offered second chances to many people who needed to find their way again after wandering lost through life. Never has this happened.” His icy blue eyes had looked on her with sympathy. “This has taught me a great lesson. There are more powerful forces at work than even I can fathom. I’ve discounted the power of human emotions. I have to believe that you and Jake’s destinies are joined. It’s the only explanation. My records have never been wrong before, but there’s always a first time.” He chuckled, shaking his head.

“So, you can bring Jake back?” Rachel’s eyes widened with hope.

The reverend’s face turned serious. He placed a heavy hand on her shoulder. “I can’t bring him back. The ability to travel through the centuries won’t work once the cycle is complete. After Jake fulfilled his requirements here, it triggered his return to his time. It can only be done once.”

Rachel’s eyebrows drew together. “Then, will you send me to him?” Her heart sped up anew, and a wave of nausea hit her. She swallowed back her apprehension. Jake had wanted to take her home with him all along. He would have stayed with her, but she’d always known that Oregon was not where he wanted to be.

This will be no different than leaving Ohio to travel to an unknown land. She’d survived a five-month rigorous journey over unforgiving terrain. She would survive a trip into the future.

Reverend Johnson heaved a sigh. His mouth drew together in a firm line. Rachel sensed he was about to say something that he’d rather not say. “I’ll send you to him, Rachel. I’ll even break the rules further. Your nephews need you. They’ll have to go, too.”

Rachel flung her arms around the reverend’s neck. He stood stiffly for a moment, then patted her lightly on the back.

“Thank you, Reverend,” she whispered.

Reverend Johnson held her at arms’ length. “Are you absolutely sure this is what you want?” His eyes bored into her with such intensity, she shivered involuntarily.

“I’ve never been more sure about anything, Reverend.” She held his gaze.

“I can’t return you to this time, Rachel. Because you were not originally chosen for a second chance, I can only send you one way.”

“I want to be with my husband. It doesn’t matter to me where, or when, that is.”

Johnson rubbed his chin. “If Jake reverts back to his old habits, you will be stuck in the future, and things are a lot different, more complicated, there than they are here.”

“Reverend,” Rachel said slowly. “I’ve accused Jake of lying to me on two separate occasions. I was wrong both times. I trust him completely.”

Johnson smiled indulgently. His chest heaved again. “Gather your children, Rachel. Meet me back here at the church at sunset. Then I’ll prepare you for what lies ahead.”





Billy moaned loudly in the hay next to her, and Rachel focused her attention on the present. “My head hurts,” Billy cried. He pushed himself to a sitting position.

“It’ll pass,” Rachel assured him, and rubbed at his back.

The building they were in was definitely a barn, but unlike any barn she had ever seen. The walls were not made of wood, but appeared to be crafted from metal. The ceiling was so high, Rachel couldn’t imagine how the roof could have possibly been erected.

Most everything you know, and are familiar with, will be different in the future. The reverend’s warning echoed in her mind. With a determined lift of her chin, she stood to her feet, and shook the straw from her dress. Smoothing her hair from her face, she hoped she looked presentable. Her braid was coiled at the back of her head, and felt neat and tidy to the touch. She felt for her satchel that she’d stuffed inside her dress. She couldn’t lose that. The reverend had given her documents that he said were important for her to have in the future, and that Jake would know what to do with them.

Apprehension and joy flooded her at the same time. She nudged Tommy awake, and lifted David into her arms. The sleepy toddler’s head fell against her shoulder, his thumb in his mouth.

“Time to find Jake,” she said brightly to Billy, trying to sound excited. She hoped it hid her fear and nervousness from the boy. “While you were sleeping all night, we traveled to Montana.”

Rachel knew she couldn’t explain to the boys about time travel. She laughed. She couldn’t explain it to herself. She simply told them that they would meet Jake at his home in Montana, and that they would travel through the night to arrive by morning. She hoped that the new and wondrous things they would encounter in the future could be explained as easily to the boys as the hot springs they had seen along the trail to Oregon.

“Is this where he lives?” Billy asked, looking around the odd barn.

“I believe so, yes. Let's go find him.” With a determined nod of her head that belied the growing churning sensations in her belly, Rachel headed for what appeared to be a normal-sized door to the barn. She couldn’t explain how all the hay could have been brought through this one small opening. In a way, she felt reborn. She would learn about this new world and all of its wonders right alongside her nephews.

Tommy staggered sleepily next to her, rubbing his eyes. “Stay close to me,” Rachel warned both boys, and pushed the odd steel handle on the door, which sprung open easily. Squinting into the bright light, she stepped outside. She tightened her hold on David, as if the boy’s body would prevent her heart from slamming through her chest. She scarcely dared to breathe.

After her eyes adjusted to the sun’s bright rays, she lifted her head to look around.

“Whooooaa,” Billy exclaimed loudly. A gravel path led to several horse corrals in one direction, and another barn that looked vaguely more like what she was accustomed to, even if it was nearly three times as long as even a large barn at the local livery. Beyond the corrals, the road led up a gentle incline to the largest house Rachel had ever seen. How was it possible to construct a log cabin in such an elaborate style? And the windows! Never in her life had she imagined a glass window could be so large. From a distance, she judged several of them to be taller than she was.

For a while, we’ll have to live with my folks, but there’s plenty of room. Rachel’s face flushed. Jake’s words from their wedding night came back to her. Inhaling a deep breath, she headed up the path, hoping her shaky legs would carry her all the way. Reaching the top of the rise, another house came into view several hundred yards away. It didn’t look quite as grand as the main house. Strange looking brightly colored objects on black wheels stood in front of the dwelling. They vaguely resembled some sort of carriage or wagon. She wondered if these were the airplanes Jake had referred to that could travel two-thousand miles in less than a day.

A woman’s laughter reached Rachel’s ears, followed by the deeper chuckles of a man. Rachel’s head whipped around. Coming up behind her, two people strode quickly up the path. Rachel’s gaze settled on the woman, and her mouth dropped.

“Cover your eyes,” she hissed at the boys.

The couple approached, and Rachel’s face flamed. She tried not to stare, but she couldn’t help it. Her chemise covered more than what this woman wore, and she walked around in bright daylight for all to see! A red and white checkered sleeveless shirt was tied in a tight knot just below her breasts, barely covering them. Her mid-section was completely exposed. She wore skin-tight blue britches that couldn’t even qualify as britches. They barely reached past her rear end. Daring a glance at the woman’s face, a jolt of recognition shot through her. She looked almost identical to the laundress at Fort Laramie. This was the woman Jake had told her about. What was she doing here?

Rachel’s heart filled with renewed apprehension. Was this how women dressed in the future? She swallowed back her growing fear. Jake had told her repeatedly that he loved her because she was different from the women he was used to. She would not allow the nagging thoughts in her head deter her. He’d never expect her to wear such scanty clothing.

“How cute,” the woman said to the shorter man next to her, her arm wrapped tightly around his waist. “I love how authentic everything is here. You even have girls and kids dressed up as pioneers.”

The blonde man looked at Rachel with smiling eyes. “You lost, sweetheart?” he asked. His brazen speech reminded her of Jake when she first met him. She raised her chin.

“I’m looking for Jake Owens,” she said firmly, unwilling to be intimidated. The man’s eyebrows shot up. His eyes roamed slowly over her, as if assessing her like some prized heifer at auction.

“Aunt Rachel, why is that lady not wearing any clothes?” Tommy chimed in beside her.

“I told you to cover your eyes,” Rachel scolded between gritted teeth. Her face flamed, and the woman laughed.

“Last I seen him, he rode off to the south pasture earlier,” the man said slowly, still studying her with narrowed eyes.

“And where is that?” Rachel asked. She adjusted David to her other hip. The boy was getting heavier with each minute. Her insides churned with apprehension.

“Is there a problem here?” Another man strode slowly down the path from the direction of the house, a dark scowl on his face. He glared at the blonde woman with a disapproving look. Rachel’s eyes widened. He was an older, taller version of Jake! There was no doubt in her mind that this was Tom, Jake’s brother.

“Hey, you look like Uncle Jake,” Tommy yelled, and the man shot a wide-eyed look of surprise at the boy. In the next instance, his head snapped up to look at Rachel.

“Shorty, don’t you have work to do?” he growled. “Miss Sandra is late for her riding lesson.”

“Already had one,” the blonde purred, and winked at the man called Shorty. The blonde man cleared his throat, then quickly pulled the woman with him up the path.

“You’re Tom Owens?” Rachel ventured a guess, and held her hand out to the man who reminded her so much of her husband.

Slowly, he took her hand in his, and nodded, his eyes never leaving hers.

“Please, I need to find Jake. I –”

“By God,” he said loudly. “He wasn’t pulling my leg.” He continued to stare at her, then at the boys. “You’re Rachel.”

“Yes.” She nodded, holding back the tears in her eyes. Jake had told his family about her?

“He’s down at the south pasture. It’s where he’s been going to be alone.” Wonder filled his eyes.

“I need to see him,” she whispered, and swallowed the lump in her throat.

“If you’ll trust me with these boys, he’s about a mile down that path.” Tom pointed to a narrow trail leading away from the gravel road.

“I’d be much obliged, Mr. Owens.” She lifted David from her shoulder and handed him into Tom’s waiting arms.

“Are you our uncle, too?” Billy asked, looking up at the tall man. He smiled brightly.

“Reckon I am. How about we round us up something good to eat, and you let your Aunt Rachel find Uncle Jake.”

“Yeah,” both boys agreed loudly.

“Thank you,” Rachel whispered, and wiped the tears from her cheeks.

“He’ll be glad to see you.” Tom nodded.

Rachel turned and dashed down the trail.





Jake sat in the tall grass, his horse grazing contently next to him. A hazy mist rolled over the hills in the distance, the tops of pine trees barely visible. He leaned back on his elbows, and closed his eyes. The humming and chirping of crickets and countless other bugs mixed with the sounds of the metal jingle of the horse’s bit. A slight breeze caressed his face. For a moment, he imagined that he was back on the vast Nebraska prairie.

He inhaled a deep breath, the fragrant aroma of wildflowers filling his senses. He almost regretted that he told his folks and Tom about his idea of adding a pioneer theme to their dude ranch. No doubt it would generate new business, but it would also be a constant reminder of his time in 1848.

Would his heart stop hemorrhaging before he lost his sanity? Rachel was with him wherever he went, whatever he did. This was his second day home. How long before thoughts of her didn’t feel like a knife slicing through his chest? His dreams of her during the night had been so vivid; he reached for her in the dark, only to wake to a lonely bed.

Listening to the wind swoosh through some nearby pines, he almost heard her voice calling to him. The chestnut gelding suddenly raised his head, grass fluttering from its mouth. Jake listened. Someone was calling his name. He sat up, and turned his head in the direction his horse’s ears pointed.

Several hundred yards in the distance, someone was running toward him, a figure in a long dress. Jake bolted to his feet. He blinked to make sure his eyes weren’t deceiving him. His heart slammed against his ribs. It couldn’t be! She called his name again.

“Rachel,” he yelled, and sprinted up the trail. It wasn’t an illusion. Not this time. She was real.

“Jake,” she called again, and seconds later their bodies collided. Jake wrapped his arms around her and lifted her off the ground, afraid that if he let go, she’d vanish again.

Rachel clasped his face between her hands, a wide smile on her face as she sobbed loudly. Jake covered her mouth with his, savoring the feel of her in his arms, inhaling her soft scent. His hands ran along every contour of her body to convince his mind that she was real.

“I love you, Jake,” she breathed against his mouth. “Forgive me for not believing you.”

Jake pulled his head back, trying to catch his breath. “How?” It was the only word he could produce. How had she managed to convince the reverend to send her here? The old man had been adamant that it wasn’t possible to send Rachel to the future. In a way, he didn’t really care. She was here, and that was all that mattered. He kissed her mouth again, then her cheeks, and back to her mouth.

“I’m home where I belong, Jake. With you,” she said between gulps of air. She smiled up at him, and he eased his hold on her a mere fraction of an inch.

“I love you, Rachel. The reverend said it couldn’t be done.” He ran his hands along her cheeks and cradled the back of her head. All the pain, all the anguish in his heart flowed out of him. She was here, and she was real.

“I had a compelling enough reason for the reverend to send me here,” she said. “He said it was a one way trip. I can’t ever go back.”

“Good,” Jake said firmly. “What’s more compelling than the fact that we love each other? I hope to never meet that man again.” His jaw clenched, anger surging through him for all the pain the reverend has caused him. The anger vanished as quickly as it appeared. Without the reverend, he wouldn’t have met Rachel.

Rachel cleared her throat. “Jake.” She hesitated. He offered a wide smile, his hand caressing her cheek, and waited for her to continue. “Jake, you’re going to be a father. I’m in the family way.” Her eyes widened in an expectant look, and revealed a brief hint of panic.

Jake expelled a breath of air. “Rachel,” he whispered. His heart skipped a beat at what she’d said. He placed his hand over her flat abdomen. “I . . . I don’t know what to say, except . . . I love you.”

Instantly, her face brightened in a smile. “The boys are here, too,” she said. “I think the reverend was feeling guilty about what he did to us. When I told him I was expecting, he realized he had to send me here. He said you couldn’t return to the past.”

Jake didn’t care about what the reverend was feeling. His insides warmed, and a powerful sensation of love wrapped itself around his heart. A few minutes ago, his life held no meaning. In the blink of an eye, that had all changed again. Rachel was here. She was his forever. He was going to be a dad! He cradled her head between his palms, and stared into her blue eyes.

“I knew from the minute I first saw you that you were my destiny, no matter what the reverend seemed to think.” He gently kissed her lips. “I’m the happiest man in the world, and I promise you that not a day will go by Rachel, that you’ll ever regret your decision to come home to me.”





Epilogue





The old man stood on the hill overlooking the valley below. Spread out before him were several barns and corrals. On a slight rise to the north stood a large ranch-style home. A short distance away, several more log cabin style homes were nestled against the edges of a patch of pine trees. He clasped his hands behind his back, and let the wind blow though his hair and across his face.

Two small children, a boy and a girl, ran in circles in the yard in front of one of the smaller homes. The little girl appeared to be a few years older than the boy, who waddled like a duck after the girl. Three older boys rode their bicycles up and down the gravel path connecting the homes. Drawn to the scene, the old man headed down the hill, keeping to the shadows of a cluster of pine trees close to the house.

A woman emerged from inside the home. Her long dark hair was swept back in a ponytail, and her modest skirt that reached well below her knees fluttered in the breeze.

“David, don’t ride that bike so fast. You’re going to crash and break your arm again. Remember how much you hated having that cast on last time?” she called to one of the older boys. “Tommy and Billy, I thought you wanted to help your Uncle Tom fix the engine in his truck.”

All three boys skidded to a halt in front of the woman, and dismounted their bikes. The two older ones hurried off toward one of the barns in the distance, and David dashed into the house.

The woman knelt to the ground and opened her arms wide, a bright smile on her face. The little boy waddled toward her, but the girl got there first. The woman embraced them both.

A man emerged from the other side of the house, and walked up to the woman. He reached for the little girl, and held her high up over his head. She squealed with delight. The little boy reached up his hands, and began to cry.

“You’ll get your turn,” the man said. The woman stood to her feet, the love in her eyes unmistakable as she turned her gaze to the man.

He reached one arm around her waist, and pulled her to his side.

“I can’t believe it’ll be five years today that I came here,” the woman said, smiling up at the man.

He chuckled, and hugged her close. “Remember how astonished my folks were when I introduced you and the boys? I think they were afraid to say too much. They were just pleased as punch that I married such a nice and old-fashioned girl.”

“And Tom never divulged our secret,” she added.

“Who’d believe it, anyhow?” His face turned serious. “Do you have any regrets?”

The woman leaned up and kissed him gently, her palm touching his cheek. “None,” she whispered.

The man’s wide grin returned. “Ready to go watch that movie you’ve been dying to see?” he asked. She nodded, and kissed him again. She lifted the little boy to her hip, and the family disappeared inside the house.

The old man’s gaze lingered for a few more minutes, then he turned and walked slowly back up the hill.

He’d been wrong, no question about it. Perhaps there was such a thing as destiny. In all his years of granting second chances, he’d never considered the power of the human capacity for love to guide a person onto the right path. Jake and Rachel were proof of that power.

With his hands clasped behind his back, he pondered this phenomenon. He would have to rethink his objective from now on. Perhaps a lack of finding one’s true mate was the reason many people strayed from their true path. Apart from finding one’s way again, a second chance could also be granted to finding one’s true love. If centuries separated two people who were meant to be together, he could do something to bring them together.

The old man’s chest heaved in a sigh. He would have to ponder this some more. Right now, it was time to meet his next assignment.





To be the first to hear about new book releases, special announcements, behind-the-scenes info, exclusive content, and deals via email please join my list of readers



* * *



Reverend Johnson is granting another Second Chance in Book 2, Ain’t No Angel (scroll down for a peak at the first chapter)



* * *



If you enjoyed the book, please consider leaving a short review.

If you enjoy time travel romance, you might also like my other time travel series, the Yellowstone Romance Series and the Timeless Hearts Western Time Travel Romance Series (a collaboration with several other authors)



* * *



Dear Reader





The first mass of emigrants to brave the Oregon Trail left Independence, Missouri in 1843. After that, a steady stream of settlers left various “jumping off” points along the Missouri River to travel overland to reach Oregon and California. My story takes us from Kannesville, Iowa (today known as Council Bluffs, Iowa) along the Mormon Trail, which traveled on the north side of the Platte River, while those settlers leaving from Independence, Missouri, traveled along the south banks of the river until they met up at Fort Laramie. The height of travel was during the years of 1847-1852.

The Oregon Trail is about 2000 miles in length, and took an average of 4 1/2 to 5 months to travel.

Accidental deaths were common, mostly due to drowning at river crossings or from accidental gunshot wounds. The most terrifying disease encountered was cholera. It was especially prevalent in 1849 and 1850 along the Platte River to Fort Laramie. Cholera can have a sudden onset, a rapid course of decline for the infected person, and a very high mortality rate due to dehydration from vomiting and diarrhea. A vaccine (both injectable and oral) is now available to prevent cholera.

Before the 1860’s, the Indians along the Platte to Sweetwater River routes did not pose a major threat to the emigrants, and were usually friendly.

Throughout the story, I have taken some liberties with a few actual dates and events. The route Jake Owens insists on traveling after leaving Fort Laramie, today known as Childs Cutoff after the man who discovered it, was not used until 1850. Previously, emigrants had to rely on ferry operators to get them across the Platte River, which was not only dangerous, but also expensive. After 1850, many emigrants preferred to travel along the Council Bluffs route along the North Platte to avoid this crossing.

Fort Laramie did not become an army fort until 1849. Prior to that, it was a remnant of the fur trade, and mainly a trading post for trappers, traders, and the ever-increasing number of emigrants who made their way west.

Jake Owens’ rifle was a Sharps rifle, known for its high accuracy and long range. It was the preferred rifle used by buffalo hunters on the plains, but was not widely available until 1850.



* * *



Find out more about me and my stories here:

http://peggylhenderson.com



* * *



Join me on Facebook. I love interacting with my readers, and you can stay current on my book projects and happenings.

For even more behind-the scenes news, interaction and discussions with other readers about my books, and just general fun, consider joining my closed Facebook Group.

I’m always happy to hear from my readers. Tell me what you liked, or didn’t like in the story. I can be reached via email here: peggy@peggylhenderson.com



* * *



Acknowledgment



Carol Spradling, my critique partner. Thank you for holding my hand throughout the writing of this book. After sticking with me through my last series, your support and advice with this new venture has been invaluable.

Suzie Grant, for critiquing some of my earlier chapters, and your helpful suggestions.

My Editor, Barbara Ouradnik, and my awesome team of beta readers: Shirl Deems, Becky Fetzer, Hazel Lewis, and Ramona Lockwood. Each and every one of you brings a fresh view to the story, and your honest opinions and insights have been absolutely invaluable.

My cover designer, Ramona Lockwood, for creating the wonderful cover for this book.





Ain’t No Angel (Sneak Peak)





Delaney Goodman stood in front of the bathroom mirror, dressed to kill. She stared at her reflection and laughed a short, disgusted laugh. Committing murder - preferably her own murder – might be easier than what she’d resigned herself to do. How could she possibly bring herself to go through with this? The idea hadn’t seemed so daunting a week ago.

She inhaled a deep breath and released it slowly in an effort to calm her frazzled nerves. What the hell was she doing here, in this fancy hotel room? When had life turned from horrible to downright unbearable?

There is no other way, Laney. You’ve sunk about as low as you can go.

Doubt and second-guessing nagged at her. It was too late now to turn back. Jason had already paid her a good chunk of money up front. Money she desperately needed. Without it, she would have been out on the street already. The sum would cover her expenses for another two weeks for the little motel room that she called home. She couldn’t afford rent on an actual apartment.

Jason had paid for the skimpy black tube dress and high heels she now wore, the make-up, and a haircut with some highlights. Earlier in the day, he’d brought her to this high-priced hotel to get ready for this evening. If she didn’t do this, she’d owe him money she couldn’t possibly pay back. He assured her that she’d be rolling in more dough than she’d ever dreamed possible after a few “social dates”, as he called them.

Laney shrugged as if it didn’t matter. This was just one more unpleasant event in her life that she had to endure. She’d pull out of this, just like she did everything else. It was the story of her miserable existence.

What doesn’t kill you will make you stronger.

She laughed again. Yeah, right. She should be Super Woman by now.

Rummaging through her makeup pouch, she finally found the crimson shade of lipstick she’d been looking for. She slid the creamy stick across her lips, then rubbed them together to distribute the color more evenly. She puckered her mouth and glanced in the mirror she stood before. Tilting her head from side to side, she ran her hands through her blonde strands, and tousled it. Shaking her head, she applied a light mist of hairspray.

She turned to the side and glanced over her shoulder at the reflection of her backside. The spandex tube dress didn’t want to cooperate. It hiked up her thighs at one end, barely long enough to cover her rear, and slid down her chest at the other.

Yeah, you look like a hooker.

Wiggling her hips, she tugged the material downward, then pulled it more firmly up over her breasts. No matter what she did, it revealed way too much at either end. Good thing she wore black pantyhose.

She paused to take another look in the wide mirror. Her pulse suddenly quickened and throbbed at her temples. With a shaky hand, she reached for her cellphone to check the time. Seven-thirty. Her throat went dry. She tried to swallow back the sudden apprehension that washed over her.

You can do this. You need the money. Without this job, you’ll be out on the street.

“The first time is the hardest, but trust me, you get used to being wined and dined real fast. If they like you, your money worries will be over,” her former co-worker, Stephanie, had assured her. She had introduced Laney to Jason, a good-looking and well-dressed guy who’d taken an immediate interest in her.

He was different from other guys in her life. Unlike every other loser she’d ever dated, he hadn’t asked to get into her pants at the first opportunity. He’d taken her out, bought her some nice clothes, even helped pay her rent when she was behind. Jason had treated her better than any other boyfriend. When she was laid off for no reason from her latest dead-end job a couple of weeks ago, he’d approached her with a business proposition she’d never considered before.

“With your looks, Laney, you can make a killing as an escort.”

“An escort?” Her forehead wrinkled. What the hell was an escort?

“There are a lot of rich men in this city who pay good money to have a beautiful girl hanging from their arm in public. It’s sort of like a status symbol.”

“You mean, like a high-priced hooker?” Laney swallowed. Was he serious? Instead of dumping her outright, he just wanted to sell her off to other men?

What other options do you have at this point, Laney?

Was this where her life was headed? Her dream of ever working with horses faded into oblivion. She wanted to live out in the country somewhere. Instead, she was stuck in stuffy L.A. with no light at the end of the tunnel.

Jason laughed, and ran his hand across his face. “That’s a rather harsh way to put it.” He wrapped his arm around her and pulled her into an embrace. “You only have to put out as much as you want, baby,” he whispered in her ear. “It all depends on how much money you want to make.”

His lips came down on hers. Laney automatically wrapped her arms around his neck. She wanted to feel something, anything but the emptiness inside her. Nothing happened. No warm fuzzy feelings, no tingles. His hands slid up and down her body, and his tongue probed her mouth. Laney simply went through the motions and followed his lead. Why shouldn’t she make some money for the things she’d freely given in the past? Guys had always been full of empty promises, crushing her hopes for love and a sense of belonging. Men had used her most of her life. Maybe it was time for some payback, in the literal sense.

Her dream, her fairytale that there was a Prince Charming out there somewhere had died several dead-end relationships ago.

You have to look out for yourself, Laney. It’s always been that way.

Life revolved around making enough money for rent and food. Maybe if she agreed to a few of Jason’s arranged “dates,” she’d earn enough to cover her expenses for a few months. Enough time to find a steady job, maybe even pay for those college courses she needed. The guy she’d gone to see about a job at the racetrack had told her he’d think about offering her a position in his barn. She didn’t have the required credentials to work as an equine massage therapist, but he’d been impressed enough with her skills when she demonstrated her massage technique on a horse he allowed her to work on, that he might just call her back.

The cellphone in her hand buzzed. Laney jumped. An icy chill spilled down her back. She was really going to go through with this. She needed the money, plain and simple.

She held the phone to her head. “Yes.”

“Your ride is here.” Jason’s voice at the other end sounded cold, business-like.

“I’ll be right down,” she said.

I don’t want to do this.

“Make me proud tonight, baby. You get to ride in a limo.”

Great. Can’t wait.

Laney disconnected the call. She stared at her image in the mirror one last time. A tear spilled down her cheek, and she hastily swiped at it with the back of her hand. The last thing she needed now was for her make-up to run. She dabbed some perfume on her wrists, and inhaled a final breath for courage, then grabbed her small black purse, and headed for the door. Time to sell her soul to the devil.





The valet held the door open to the gleaming white limousine. Laney hesitated. She glanced around for a glimpse of Jason, but he was nowhere to be seen. Sucking in a deep breath, she stepped forward and ducked into the car. Why did it feel as if she’d just willingly stepped into a lion’s gaping jaws? The door closed behind her, and she widened her eyes to adjust to the dim light of the limo’s interior. A plush black wrap-around leather seat comprised the space.

Laney’s eyes fell on the figure in a steel gray suit, sitting to her left. Her breath caught in her throat, and she swallowed the ever-thickening lump.

“Miss Delaney Goodman. What a pleasure to finally meet you.” The man leaned forward and extended his hand.

I just bet it is.

Laney’s eyes connected with his gaze. A wide smile spread across his face, and she reluctantly placed her hand in his. His warm fingers closed around hers, and he gave her hand a gentle shake.

“Please, make yourself comfortable, and we’ll be on our way.” He motioned with his other hand for her to take a seat across from him.

Laney pulled her hand from his, and sank into the plush leather. After a futile attempt to adjust her dress a little further down her thighs, she settled for crossing her left leg over her right.

“It’s a pleasure to meet you,” she said, clearing the hitch in her voice. She shook her head to allow her blonde strands to spill over her shoulders in an attempt to cover her cleavage.

The man chuckled. “No need to be nervous, Miss Goodman. I think we’re going to get along just fine.”

Laney held his eye contact. She forced her back against the seat to appear relaxed, and clutched her purse in her lap. God! Why did it have to be an old guy? Was he some kind of rich pervert? His hair was peppered gray, and his face held countless wrinkles. He looked to be old enough to be her great grandfather, if she had one.

The most striking feature about him was his steely blue eyes. She’d never seen eyes that color before, and something about them drew her in. He continued to smile at her, even as he tapped the stained window that separated the back of the limo from the front. The car immediately rolled forward.

“Where are we going?” Laney ventured to ask.

The old man studied her, assessed her slowly, as if contemplating her question. His eyes moved to the outside of her exposed thigh for a moment before settling once again on her face. There was nothing leering about his stare. It was almost as if he was concerned about something.

“Where would you like to go?” he asked, and leaned forward.

“Excuse me?” Her heart sped up. That didn’t sound like he was taking her to some social event. Did he plan to just get his money’s worth right here in this limo? She’d heard this sort of come-on before.

“If you could go anywhere of your choosing, where would you go?” he prodded. His smile faded, and his look turned serious.

Far away from here. Far away from anywhere, where I can make a fresh start.

“I’m sure you’re not really interested in where I want to go.” Laney laughed nervously. “Where did you plan to take me tonight?”

She lowered the tone of her voice in an attempt to sound sensual. It was time to get over her inhibitions. She’d been with plenty of guys. This would be no different.

Of course it’s different!

None of the others had paid for her company. She’d been with them willingly, always hoping that the one she was with was The One, the man who would love her and not use her and then toss her aside like everyone else in her life had always done.

What a joke. There was no such thing as true love, or a man who would stick around. She was so over that. Even Jason had turned out to be a user. Well, it was time she learned the game. The tables were about to turn.

Don’t feel anything, Just go through with the motions.

The older man’s glare intensified, and Laney adjusted her seat uncomfortably. She rubbed her sweaty palms along her legs. Why did it feel as if he stared straight into her mind?

“I know this is the last place you want to be,” he said softly. “But you believe it is the only recourse you have left.”

Laney blinked. He had read her mind. How was that possible? Or was she simply like so many other young women who didn’t see any way out of a dire situation and turned to prostitution as their last resort?

“I’m only doing this to get back on my feet,” she answered, her voice barely audible. What had compelled her to tell this man anything?

“Your life hasn’t been easy.” He nodded. “Moved from one foster home to the next since you were eight years old. Your father has been in and out of jail since you were five, and your mother turned to drugs. The state finally took you into custody. Tell me, when have you last had contact with your birth mother?”

He looked at her with deep concern and interest written in that blue stare of his. Laney’s eyes widened. How could he possibly know all this about her? She hadn’t divulged anything about her past since coming to L.A. The last person she wanted to talk about was the woman who had abandoned her.

“Are you a social worker?”

She was no longer a ward of the state. She was twenty-one years old, and had been on her own since the day she turned eighteen. Sooner, in fact. After being bounced around from one foster home to the next, never staying long enough to make any sort of connection with her foster parents or anyone in school, she’d learned that she only had herself to rely on.

“No, I’m not a social worker, at least not in the sense that you might think,” the old man said, and shook his head. His smile was back. “I simply want to help you find your true path in life.”

“And how are you going to do that?” Laney snapped. The state had failed her a long time ago. “What can you possibly do to change my life for the better?” Her eyes blazed, shooting him a challenging look.

“You like horses.” It was a statement, not a question. “You’re very good with horses, in fact.”

Laney blinked. How did this man know so much about her? She glanced toward the car door. The urge to bolt, even from a moving car, overwhelmed her. She balled her hands in her lap, clenching them tight until the knuckles turned white.

“Why are you here, in a city such as Los Angeles, when you should be putting your skills to use elsewhere?”

Laney stared at the man across from her, watching her expectantly. His image blurred. She sniffed, and wiped at her eyes. Anthony Sheldon’s leering face popped into her mind. She shuddered.

“I ran away from my last foster home, and kept running until I was eighteen,” she whispered. “Until I was no longer in the foster system.”

The old man’s hand reached out to her, and covered her fists in her lap. “I’m sorry for your bad experience. Your last foster parent treated you badly, didn’t he?”

Laney’s head snapped up. “How do you know so much about me?” She didn’t want to relive her experience with the Sheldons, especially Anthony. He might have been a great rehabilitator of injured racehorses, but he was a sick bastard when it came to her. For three years she’d lived with the Sheldons, the longest she’d ever been with a foster family. She loved living on the large farm out in the country, loved working with the horses. It was only when Anthony started coming on to her, after he . . . she’d run away and never looked back.

The old man shook his head, smiling. “It’s not important. What is important is that I want to help you now. You learned a lot about horses from him.”

“Yes,” she nodded. Among the other things he taught me.

“You think you can make a new start by being an escort?” He raised his eyebrows at her.

Laney avoided his eyes. “That’s the plan,” she whispered.

“You’re good with horses, and would like a chance to prove your ability to rehabilitate injuries.”

Laney’s spine stiffened. Rather than ask how he knew this, she said, “Yes, but without a formal education, no one will hire me. A piece of paper that would cost me more money than I can scrape together in ten years is the ticket to working with million dollar equines.” Laney stared him squarely in the eyes. “Someday I’m going to get that credential. For now . . . I’m doing this.” She swiped her hand in front of her, indicating her clothing. Why the hell was she compelled to tell him so much? What was it about this man that made her want to divulge all her secrets?

He studied her in silence for a moment. “How would you like to put your skills to good use?”

Laney leaned forward. “Are you offering me a job working with horses?” This seemed too good to be true. It was definitely not how she had expected this night to turn out. Was he some rich horse owner who needed an equine massage therapist?

“I’m offering you a chance to turn your life around,” he said. “But it also requires certain . . . sacrifices.” His blue eyes stared straight at her.

A quick jolt of adrenaline shot through her. What did he mean by that? Laney scoffed. Wasn’t she already sacrificing herself?

“What do I need to do?” The question was out before she had a chance to even think clearly.

“How would you like a chance at a new life, Miss Goodman? A life that you’ve been looking for?” He reached for two tumblers from the limo’s bar, and poured clear liquid from a glass container.

“If you’re offering me a job to work with horses, I’m listening,” Laney answered, almost too eagerly.

“Miss Goodman, are you willing to do both?”

“Do both what?” Laney’s forehead wrinkled.

“Be an escort of sorts in order to get your chance at helping injured horses. I have a specific animal that is in need of your skills. If you are successful at getting him back in prime condition, I promise you that everything you’ve wished for will come true.”

Laney tried not to laugh out loud. The guy made it sound like he was her fairy godmother. Her life certainly wasn’t a fairytale.

“The horse needs some special attention, but so does its owner,” the old man continued.

“What’s the guy’s name?” Perhaps she’d heard of him if he was some big shot horse breeder.

“Tyler Monroe. If you are in agreement, you’ll meet him tomorrow. He lives in Montana.” He handed her a crystal tumbler, and raised his own glass.

Montana? That was a far cry from L.A. Her heart rate increased inexplicably. This was all sounding way too good to be true.

Or maybe you’re setting yourself up to be the headline on tomorrow’s ten o’clock news.

Laney lifted the glass to her lips. Too bad it was only water. What did she have to lose? This Tyler guy couldn’t be any worse than Anthony. And it sounded as if she would have a place to stay while she worked with the horse. Hell. She’d get out of L.A. Obviously, she’d just been solicited to be a live-in hooker for the duration. But if it would help her land a massage job later, it wasn’t any different than what she had agreed to do for Jason.

“And what about Jason? If you’re asking me to come work for you, or this Mr. Monroe, Jason won’t be too happy if I go back on our agreement.”

“Don’t worry, Miss Goodman. I’ll make sure your young man is well compensated for his loss.”

“All right. You have a deal.” Laney drained her glass, wishing for something alcoholic to calm her frayed nerves.

“Very good.” The old man beamed, and nodded.

The limo came to a stop.

“I believe we’ve arrived at the motel you’ve been staying at. Get a good night’s rest. You have a long trip ahead of you tomorrow.”

The limousine’s door opened, and the man in the gray suit motioned for her to exit. Laney hesitated. She turned a perplexed eye on him. “How will I get to Montana?”

He smiled slowly. “We’ll see each other again tomorrow. Now go.”

Laney ducked out the door of the limousine. She turned, but the door had already closed, and the vehicle rolled away from the curb. She stared until the limo rounded a corner and disappeared from view.

Laney walked as fast as she could across the parking lot in her high heels. She’d be lucky not to sprain her ankle on the uneven pavement and countless potholes. Dread filled her. What would Jason do to her in the morning when he came to collect the money the old man was supposed to pay her? He hadn’t given her a dime, only filled her head with dreams.

She reached the door to her motel room, and fumbled for the key in her purse. After turning the lock, she rushed into her room and collapsed on the bed. What if the old man had been full of lies? Laney sat up and stared into the darkness. What if he hadn’t?





	 Also by Peggy L Henderson



	 	 Blemished Brides

	 In His Eyes

	 In His Touch

	 In His Arms

	 In His Kiss

	 In His Thoughts

	 Blemished Brides Box Set (Books 1-3) Includes short story His Christmas Rose



	 	 Burnt River Contemporary Western Romance Series

	 Mason's Rescue

	 Raine's Remorse

	 Shane's Burden



	 	 Heartsgate Hinterlands

	 Yellowstone Yearning (Book Club: Heartsgate)

	 Wilderness Wanderings

	 Mountain Magic



	 	 Regional Romance

	 Sweethearts of the Tetons

	 Paradise Valley Pioneers



	 	 Second Chances Time Travel Romance Series

	 Come Home To Me

	 Ain't No Angel

	 Diamond in the Dust

	 Riches of the Heart



	 	 Teton Romance Trilogy

	 Teton Sunrise

	 Teton Splendor

	 Teton Sunset

	 Teton Season of Joy

	 Teton Season of Promise



	 	 Wilderness Brides

	 Cora's Pride

	 Anna's Heart

	 Caroline's Passion

	 Josie's Valor

	 Harley's Tenacity



	 	 Wild Mountain Hearts Romance Series

	 The Pathfinders

	 The Eagle

	 The Bear

	 The Fox

	 The Hawk

	 The Wolf



	 	 Yellowstone Romance Series

	 Yellowstone Heart Song

	 Return to Yellowstone - Sequel to Yellowstone Heart Song

	 Yellowstone Christmas

	 Yellowstone Redemption

	 Yellowstone Reflections

	 Yellowstone Homecoming

	 Yellowstone Awakening

	 Yellowstone Dawn

	 Yellowstone Deception

	 Yellowstone Promise

	 Yellowstone Origins

	 Yellowstone Legacy

	 Yellowstone Romance Series Holiday Bundle

	 Yellowstone Legends

	 Yellowstone Secrets

	 Yellowstone Crossroads

	 Yellowstone Season of Giving: Yellowstone Romance Series Holiday Short Story

	 Yellowstone Love Notes (A Yellowstone Short Story)

	 Yellowstone Vows (Yellowstone Short Story)

	 Yellowstone Justice



	 	 Standalone

	 Teton Romance Trilogy Bundle (Includes short Story Yellowstone Proposal)





